  Deep Reinforcement Learning has enabled the control of increasingly complex and high-dimensional problems. However, the need of vast amounts of data before reasonable performance is attained prevents its widespread application. We employ binary corrective feedback as a general and intuitive manner to incorporate human intuition and domain knowledge in model-free machine learning. The uncertainty in the policy and the corrective feedback is combined directly in the action space as probabilistic conditional exploration. As a result, the greatest part of the otherwise ignorant learning process can be avoided. We demonstrate the proposed method, Predictive Probabilistic Merging of Policies (PPMP), in combination with DDPG. In experiments on continuous control problems of the OpenAI Gym, we achieve drastic improvements in sample efficiency, final performance, and robustness to erroneous feedback, both for human and synthetic feedback. Additionally, we show solutions beyond the demonstrated knowledge. 
  Quantum annealing (QA) is a heuristic algorithm for finding low-energy configurations of a system, with applications in optimization, machine learning, and quantum simulation. Up to now, all implementations of QA have been limited to qubits coupled via a single degree of freedom. This gives rise to a stoquastic Hamiltonian that has no sign problem in quantum Monte Carlo (QMC) simulations. In this paper, we report implementation and measurements of two superconducting flux qubits coupled via two canonically conjugate degrees of freedom (charge and flux) to achieve a nonstoquastic Hamiltonian. Such coupling can enhance performance of QA processors, extend the range of quantum simulations. We perform microwave spectroscopy to extract circuit parameters and show that the charge coupling manifests itself as a YY interaction in the computational basis. We observe destructive interference in quantum coherent oscillations between the computational basis states of the two-qubit system. Finally, we show that the extracted Hamiltonian is nonstoquastic over a wide range of parameters. 
  Multilayer switch networks are proposed as artificial generators of high-dimensional discrete data (e.g., binary vectors, categorical data, natural language, network log files, and discrete-valued time series). Unlike deconvolution networks which generate continuous-valued data and which consist of upsampling filters and reverse pooling layers, multilayer switch networks are composed of adaptive switches which model conditional distributions of discrete random variables. An interpretable, statistical framework is introduced for training these nonlinear networks based on a maximum-likelihood objective function. To learn network parameters, stochastic gradient descent is applied to the objective. This direct optimization is stable until convergence, and does not involve back-propagation over separate encoder and decoder networks, or adversarial training of dueling networks. While training remains tractable for moderately sized networks, Markov-chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) approximations of gradients are derived for deep networks which contain latent variables. The statistical framework is evaluated on synthetic data, high-dimensional binary data of handwritten digits, and web-crawled natural language data. Aspects of the model's framework such as interpretability, computational complexity, and generalization ability are discussed. 
  We introduce the Tucker Tensor Layer (TTL), an alternative to the dense weight-matrices of the fully connected layers of feed-forward neural networks (NNs), to answer the long standing quest to compress NNs and improve their interpretability. This is achieved by treating these weight-matrices as the unfolding of a higher order weight-tensor. This enables us to introduce a framework for exploiting the multi-way nature of the weight-tensor in order to efficiently reduce the number of parameters, by virtue of the compression properties of tensor decompositions. The Tucker Decomposition (TKD) is employed to decompose the weight-tensor into a core tensor and factor matrices. We re-derive back-propagation within this framework, by extending the notion of matrix derivatives to tensors. In this way, the physical interpretability of the TKD is exploited to gain insights into training, through the process of computing gradients with respect to each factor matrix. The proposed framework is validated on synthetic data and on the Fashion-MNIST dataset, emphasizing the relative importance of various data features in training, hence mitigating the "black-box" issue inherent to NNs. Experiments on both MNIST and Fashion-MNIST illustrate the compression properties of the TTL, achieving a 66.63 fold compression whilst maintaining comparable performance to the uncompressed NN. 
  Ensuring that a program operates correctly is a difficult task in large, complex systems. Enshrining invariants -- desired properties of correct execution -- in code or comments can support maintainability and help sustain correctness. Tools that can automatically infer and recommend invariants can thus be very beneficial. However, current invariant-suggesting tools, such as Daikon, suffer from high rates of false positives, in part because they only leverage traced program values from available test cases, rather than directly exploiting knowledge of the source code per se. We propose a machine-learning approach to judging the validity of invariants, specifically of method pre- and post-conditions, based directly on a method's source code. We introduce a new, scalable approach to creating labeled invariants: using programs with large test-suites, we generate Daikon invariants using traces from subsets of these test-suites, and then label these as valid/invalid by cross-validating them with held-out tests. This process induces a large set of labels that provide a form of noisy supervision, which is then used to train a deep neural model, based on gated graph neural networks. Our model learns to map the lexical, syntactic, and semantic structure of a given method's body into a probability that a candidate pre- or post-condition on that method's body is correct and is able to accurately label invariants based on the noisy signal, even in cross-project settings. Most importantly, it performs well on a hand-curated dataset of invariants. 
  Catastrophic forgetting/interference is a critical problem for lifelong learning machines, which impedes the agents from maintaining their previously learned knowledge while learning new tasks. Neural networks, in particular, suffer plenty from the catastrophic forgetting phenomenon. Recently there has been several efforts towards overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks. Here, we propose a biologically inspired method toward overcoming catastrophic forgetting. Specifically, we define an attention-based selective plasticity of synapses based on the cholinergic neuromodulatory system in the brain. We define synaptic importance parameters in addition to synaptic weights and then use Hebbian learning in parallel with backpropagation algorithm to learn synaptic importances in an online and seamless manner. We test our proposed method on benchmark tasks including the Permuted MNIST and the Split MNIST problems and show competitive performance compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
  The well-known Gumbel-Max trick for sampling from a categorical distribution can be extended to sample $k$ elements without replacement. We show how to implicitly apply this 'Gumbel-Top-$k$' trick on a factorized distribution over sequences, allowing to draw exact samples without replacement using a Stochastic Beam Search. Even for exponentially large domains, the number of model evaluations grows only linear in $k$ and the maximum sampled sequence length. The algorithm creates a theoretical connection between sampling and (deterministic) beam search and can be used as a principled intermediate alternative. In a translation task, the proposed method compares favourably against alternatives to obtain diverse yet good quality translations. We show that sequences sampled without replacement can be used to construct low-variance estimators for expected sentence-level BLEU score and model entropy. 
  Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) which is widely used for Image synthesis via generative modelling suffers peculiarly from training instability. One of the known reasons for this instability is the passage of uninformative gradients from the Discriminator to the Generator due to learning imbalance between them during training. In this work, we propose Multi-Scale Gradients Generative Adversarial Network (MSG-GAN), a simplistic but effective technique for addressing this problem; by allowing the flow of gradients from the Discriminator to the Generator at multiple scales. This results in the Generator acquiring the ability to synthesize synchronized images at multiple resolutions simultaneously. We also highlight a suite of techniques that together buttress the stability of training without excessive hyperparameter tuning. Our MSG-GAN technique is a generic mathematical framework which has multiple instantiations. We present an intuitive form of this technique which uses the concatenation operation in the Discriminator computations and empirically validate it through experiments on the CelebA-HQ, CIFAR10 and Oxford102 flowers datasets and by comparing it with some of the current state-of-the-art techniques. 
  For assistive robots and virtual agents to achieve ubiquity, machines will need to anticipate the needs of their human counterparts. The field of Learning from Demonstration (LfD) has sought to enable machines to infer predictive models of human behavior for autonomous robot control. However, humans exhibit heterogeneity in decision-making, which traditional LfD approaches fail to capture. To overcome this challenge, we propose a Bayesian LfD framework to infer an integrated representation of all human task demonstrators by inferring human-specific embeddings, thereby distilling their unique characteristics. We validate our approach is able to outperform state-of-the-art techniques on both synthetic and real-world data sets. 
  In this paper, we introduce machine learning approaches that are used to prioritize outpatients (OP) according to their current health state, resulting in self-optimizing heterogeneous networks (HetNet) that intelligently adapt according to users' needs. We use a naïve Bayesian classifier to analyze data acquired from OPs' medical records, alongside data from medical Internet of Things (IoT) sensors that provide the current state of the OP. We use this machine learning algorithm to calculate the likelihood of a life-threatening medical condition, in this case an imminent stroke. An OP is assigned high-powered resource blocks (RBs) according to the seriousness of their current health state, enabling them to remain connected and send their critical data to the designated medical facility with minimal delay. Using a mixed integer linear programming formulation (MILP), we present two approaches to optimizing the uplink side of a HetNet in terms of user-RB assignment: a Weighted Sum Rate Maximization (WSRMax) approach and a Proportional Fairness (PF) approach. Using these approaches, we illustrate the utility of the proposed system in terms of providing reliable connectivity to medical IoT sensors, enabling the OPs to maintain the quality and speed of their connection. Moreover, we demonstrate how system response can change according to alterations in the OPs' medical conditions. 
  Due to their flexibility and predictive performance, machine-learning based regression methods have become an important tool for predictive modeling and forecasting. However, most methods focus on estimating the conditional mean or specific quantiles of the target quantity and do not provide the full conditional distribution, which contains uncertainty information that might be crucial for decision making. In this article, we provide a general solution by transforming a conditional distribution estimation problem into a constrained multi-class classification problem, in which tools such as deep neural networks. We propose a novel joint binary cross-entropy loss function to accomplish this goal. We demonstrate its performance in various simulation studies comparing to state-of-the-art competing methods. Additionally, our method shows improved accuracy in a probabilistic solar energy forecasting problem. 
  Computational ghost imaging is an imaging technique with which an object is imaged from light collected using a single-pixel detector with no spatial resolution. Recently, ghost cytometry is proposed for an ultrafast cell-classification method that involves ghost imaging and machine learning in flow cytometry. Ghost cytometry skipped the reconstruction of cell images from signals and directly use signals for cell-classification because this reconstruction is the bottleneck in a high-speed analysis. In this paper, we provide a theoretical analysis for learning from ghost imaging without imaging. 
  PageRank for Semi-Supervised Learning has shown to leverage data structures and limited tagged examples to yield meaningful classification. Despite successes, classification performance can still be improved, particularly in cases of fuzzy graphs or unbalanced labeled data. To address such limitations, a novel approach based on powers of the Laplacian matrix $L^\gamma$ ($\gamma > 0$), referred to as $L^\gamma$-PageRank, is proposed. Its theoretical study shows that it operates on signed graphs, where nodes belonging to one same class are more likely to share positive edges while nodes from different classes are more likely to be connected with negative edges. It is shown that by selecting an optimal $\gamma$, classification performance can be significantly enhanced. A procedure for the automated estimation of the optimal $\gamma$, from a unique observation of data, is devised and assessed. Experiments on several datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of both $L^\gamma$-PageRank classification and the optimal $\gamma$ estimation. 
  Machine learning has been successfully applied to complex network analysis in various areas, and graph neural networks (GNNs) based methods outperform others. Recently, adversarial attack on networks has attracted special attention since carefully crafted adversarial networks with slight perturbations on clean network may invalid lots of network applications, such as node classification, link prediction, and community detection etc. Such attacks are easily constructed with serious security threat to various analyze methods, including traditional methods and deep models. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time that defense method against network adversarial attack is discussed. In this paper, we are interested in the possibility of defense against adversarial attack on network, and propose defense strategies for GNNs against attacks. First, we propose novel adversarial training strategies to improve GNNs' defensibility against attacks. Then, we analytically investigate the robustness properties for GNNs granted by the use of smooth defense, and propose two special smooth defense strategies: smoothing distillation and smoothing cross-entropy loss function. Both of them are capable of smoothing gradient of GNNs, and consequently reduce the amplitude of adversarial gradients, which benefits gradient masking from attackers. The comprehensive experiments show that our proposed strategies have great defensibility against different adversarial attacks on four real-world networks in different network analyze tasks. 
  While most previous work has focused on different pretraining objectives and architectures for transfer learning, we ask how to best adapt the pretrained model to a given target task. We focus on the two most common forms of adaptation, feature extraction (where the pretrained weights are frozen), and directly fine-tuning the pretrained model. Our empirical results across diverse NLP tasks with two state-of-the-art models show that the relative performance of fine-tuning vs. feature extraction depends on the similarity of the pretraining and target tasks. We explore possible explanations for this finding and provide a set of adaptation guidelines for the NLP practitioner. 
  A main challenge in mining network-based data is finding effective ways to represent or encode graph structures so that it can be efficiently exploited by machine learning algorithms. Several methods have focused in network representation at node/edge or substructure level. However, many real life challenges such as time-varying, multilayer, chemical compounds and brain networks involve analysis of a family of graphs instead of single one opening additional challenges in graph comparison and representation. Traditional approaches for learning representations relies on hand-crafting specialized heuristics to extract meaningful information about the graphs, e.g statistical properties, structural features, etc. as well as engineered graph distances to quantify dissimilarity between networks. In this work we provide an unsupervised approach to learn embedding representation for a collection of graphs so that it can be used in numerous graph mining tasks. By using an unsupervised neural network approach on input graphs, we aim to capture the underlying distribution of the data in order to discriminate between different class of networks. Our method is assessed empirically on synthetic and real life datasets and evaluated in three different tasks: graph clustering, visualization and classification. Results reveal that our method outperforms well known graph distances and graph-kernels in clustering and classification tasks, being highly efficient in runtime. 
  Graph embedding technics are studied with interest on public datasets, such as BlogCatalog, with the common practice of maximizing scoring on graph reconstruction, link prediction metrics etc. However, in the financial sector the important metrics are often more business related, for example fraud detection rates. With our privileged position of having large amount of real-world non-public P2P-lending social data, we aim to study empirically whether recent advances in graph embedding technics provide a useful signal for metrics more closely related to business interests, such as fraud detection rate. 
  How to obtain a model with good interpretability and performance has always been an important research topic. In this paper, we propose rectified decision trees (ReDT), a knowledge distillation based decision trees rectification with high interpretability, small model size, and empirical soundness. Specifically, we extend the impurity calculation and the pure ending condition of the classical decision tree to propose a decision tree extension that allows the use of soft labels generated by a well-trained teacher model in training and prediction process. It is worth noting that for the acquisition of soft labels, we propose a new multiple cross-validation based method to reduce the effects of randomness and overfitting. These approaches ensure that ReDT retains excellent interpretability and even achieves fewer nodes than the decision tree in the aspect of compression while having relatively good performance. Besides, in contrast to traditional knowledge distillation, back propagation of the student model is not necessarily required in ReDT, which is an attempt of a new knowledge distillation approach. Extensive experiments are conducted, which demonstrates the superiority of ReDT in interpretability, compression, and empirical soundness. 
  Constructing the adjacency graph is fundamental to graph-based clustering. Graph learning in kernel space has shown impressive performance on a number of benchmark data sets. However, its performance is largely determined by the chosen kernel matrix. To address this issue, the previous multiple kernel learning algorithm has been applied to learn an optimal kernel from a group of predefined kernels. This approach might be sensitive to noise and limits the representation ability of the consensus kernel. In contrast to existing methods, we propose to learn a low-rank kernel matrix which exploits the similarity nature of the kernel matrix and seeks an optimal kernel from the neighborhood of candidate kernels. By formulating graph construction and kernel learning in a unified framework, the graph and consensus kernel can be iteratively enhanced by each other. Extensive experimental results validate the efficacy of the proposed method. 
  Recent studies have shown that text-to-speech synthesis quality can be improved by using glottal vocoding. This refers to vocoders that parameterize speech into two parts, the glottal excitation and vocal tract, that occur in the human speech production apparatus. Current glottal vocoders generate the glottal excitation waveform by using deep neural networks (DNNs). However, the squared error-based training of the present glottal excitation models is limited to generating conditional average waveforms, which fails to capture the stochastic variation of the waveforms. As a result, shaped noise is added as post-processing. In this study, we propose a new method for predicting glottal waveforms by generative adversarial networks (GANs). GANs are generative models that aim to embed the data distribution in a latent space, enabling generation of new instances very similar to the original by randomly sampling the latent distribution. The glottal pulses generated by GANs show a stochastic component similar to natural glottal pulses. In our experiments, we compare synthetic speech generated using glottal waveforms produced by both DNNs and GANs. The results show that the newly proposed GANs achieve synthesis quality comparable to that of widely-used DNNs, without using an additive noise component. 
  The visual system is an intricate network of brain regions that enables us to recognize the world around us. Despite its abundant lateral and feedback connections, human object processing is commonly viewed and studied as a feedforward process. Here, we measure and model the rapid representational dynamics across multiple stages of the human ventral stream using time-resolved brain imaging and deep learning. We observe substantial representational transformations during the first 300 ms of processing within and across ventral-stream regions. Categorical divisions emerge in sequence, cascading forward and in reverse across regions, and Granger causality analysis suggests bidirectional information flow between regions. Finally, recurrent deep neural network models clearly outperform feedforward models in terms of their ability to jointly capture the multi-region cortical dynamics. These results establish that recurrent models are required to understand information processing in the human ventral stream. 
  Value function estimation is an important task in reinforcement learning, i.e., prediction. The commonly used operator for prediction in Q-learning is the hard max operator, which always commits to the maximum action-value according to current estimation. Such `hard' updating scheme results in pure exploitation and may lead to misbehavior due to noise in stochastic environments. Thus, it is critical to balancing exploration and exploitation in value function estimation. The Boltzmann softmax operator has a greater capability in exploring potential action-values. However, it does not satisfy the non-expansion property, and its direct use may fail to converge even in value iteration. In this paper, we propose to update the value function with dynamic Boltzmann softmax (DBS) operator in value function estimation, which has good convergence property in the setting of planning and learning. Moreover, we prove that dynamic Boltzmann softmax updates can eliminate the overestimation phenomenon introduced by the hard max operator. Experimental results on GridWorld show that the DBS operator enables convergence and a better trade-off between exploration and exploitation in value function estimation. Finally, we propose the DBS-DQN algorithm by generalizing the dynamic Boltzmann softmax update in deep Q-network, which outperforms DQN substantially in 40 out of 49 Atari games. 
  IoT Edge intelligence requires Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) inference to take place in the edge device itself. ARM big.LITTLE architecture is at the heart of common commercial edge devices. It comprises of single-ISA heterogeneous multi-cores grouped in homogeneous clusters that enables performance and power trade-offs. However, high communication overhead involved in parallelization of computation from a convolution kernel across clusters is detrimental to throughput. We present an alternative framework called Pipe-it that employs a pipelined design to split the convolutional layers across clusters while limiting the parallelization of their respective kernels to the assigned clusters. We develop a performance prediction model that, from convolutional layer descriptors, predicts the execution time of each layer individually on all different core types and number of cores. Pipe-it then exploits the predictions to create a balanced pipeline using an efficient design space exploration algorithm. Pipe-it on average results in 39% higher throughput than the highest antecedent throughput. 
  Fast linear transforms are ubiquitous in machine learning, including the discrete Fourier transform, discrete cosine transform, and other structured transformations such as convolutions. All of these transforms can be represented by dense matrix-vector multiplication, yet each has a specialized and highly efficient (subquadratic) algorithm. We ask to what extent hand-crafting these algorithms and implementations is necessary, what structural priors they encode, and how much knowledge is required to automatically learn a fast algorithm for a provided structured transform. Motivated by a characterization of fast matrix-vector multiplication as products of sparse matrices, we introduce a parameterization of divide-and-conquer methods that is capable of representing a large class of transforms. This generic formulation can automatically learn an efficient algorithm for many important transforms; for example, it recovers the $O(N \log N)$ Cooley-Tukey FFT algorithm to machine precision, for dimensions $N$ up to $1024$. Furthermore, our method can be incorporated as a lightweight replacement of generic matrices in machine learning pipelines to learn efficient and compressible transformations. On a standard task of compressing a single hidden-layer network, our method exceeds the classification accuracy of unconstrained matrices on CIFAR-10 by 3.9 points---the first time a structured approach has done so---with 4X faster inference speed and 40X fewer parameters. 
  The aim of our study was to develop a method by which a social robot can greet passersby and get their attention without causing them to suffer discomfort.A number of customer services have recently come to be provided by social robots rather than people, including, serving as receptionists, guides, and exhibitors. Robot exhibitors, for example, can explain products being promoted by the robot owners. However, a sudden greeting by a robot can startle passersby and cause discomfort to passersby.Social robots should thus adapt their mannerisms to the situation they face regarding passersby.We developed a method for meeting this requirement on the basis of the results of related work. Our proposed method, user-centered reinforcement learning, enables robots to greet passersby and get their attention without causing them to suffer discomfort (p<0.01) .The results of an experiment in the field, an office entrance, demonstrated that our method meets this requirement. 
  Generating an image from a given text description has two goals: visual realism and semantic consistency. Although significant progress has been made in generating high-quality and visually realistic images using generative adversarial networks, guaranteeing semantic consistency between the text description and visual content remains very challenging. In this paper, we address this problem by proposing a novel global-local attentive and semantic-preserving text-to-image-to-text framework called MirrorGAN. MirrorGAN exploits the idea of learning text-to-image generation by redescription and consists of three modules: a semantic text embedding module (STEM), a global-local collaborative attentive module for cascaded image generation (GLAM), and a semantic text regeneration and alignment module (STREAM). STEM generates word- and sentence-level embeddings. GLAM has a cascaded architecture for generating target images from coarse to fine scales, leveraging both local word attention and global sentence attention to progressively enhance the diversity and semantic consistency of the generated images. STREAM seeks to regenerate the text description from the generated image, which semantically aligns with the given text description. Thorough experiments on two public benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of MirrorGAN over other representative state-of-the-art methods. 
  Labeling training data is a key bottleneck in the modern machine learning pipeline. Recent weak supervision approaches combine labels from multiple noisy sources by estimating their accuracies without access to ground truth labels; however, estimating the dependencies among these sources is a critical challenge. We focus on a robust PCA-based algorithm for learning these dependency structures, establish improved theoretical recovery rates, and outperform existing methods on various real-world tasks. Under certain conditions, we show that the amount of unlabeled data needed can scale sublinearly or even logarithmically with the number of sources $m$, improving over previous efforts that ignore the sparsity pattern in the dependency structure and scale linearly in $m$. We provide an information-theoretic lower bound on the minimum sample complexity of the weak supervision setting. Our method outperforms weak supervision approaches that assume conditionally-independent sources by up to 4.64 F1 points and previous structure learning approaches by up to 4.41 F1 points on real-world relation extraction and image classification tasks. 
  Object detection and instance recognition play a central role in many AI applications like autonomous driving, video surveillance and medical image analysis. However, training object detection models on large scale datasets remains computationally expensive and time consuming. This paper presents an efficient and open source object detection framework called SimpleDet which enables the training of state-of-the-art detection models on consumer grade hardware at large scale. SimpleDet supports up-to-date detection models with best practice. SimpleDet also supports distributed training with near linear scaling out of box. Codes, examples and documents of SimpleDet can be found at 
  Attribution methods have been developed to explain the decision of a machine learning model on a given input. We use the Integrated Gradient method for finding attributions to define the causal neighborhood of an input by incrementally masking high attribution features. We study the robustness of machine learning models on benign and adversarial inputs in this neighborhood. Our study indicates that benign inputs are robust to the masking of high attribution features but adversarial inputs generated by the state-of-the-art adversarial attack methods such as DeepFool, FGSM, CW and PGD, are not robust to such masking. Further, our study demonstrates that this concentration of high-attribution features responsible for the incorrect decision is more pronounced in physically realizable adversarial examples. This difference in attribution of benign and adversarial inputs can be used to detect adversarial examples. Such a defense approach is independent of training data and attack method, and we demonstrate its effectiveness on digital and physically realizable perturbations. 
  We consider both finite and infinite power chi expansions of $f$-divergences derived from Taylor's expansions of smooth generators, and elaborate on cases where these expansions yield closed-form formula, bounded approximations, or analytic divergence series expressions of $f$-divergences. 
  We study a setting where a group of agents, each receiving partially informative private observations, seek to collaboratively learn the true state (among a set of hypotheses) that explains their joint observation profiles over time. To solve this problem, we propose a distributed learning rule that differs fundamentally from existing approaches, in the sense, that it does not employ any form of "belief-averaging". Specifically, every agent maintains a local belief (on each hypothesis) that is updated in a Bayesian manner without any network influence, and an actual belief that is updated (up to normalization) as the minimum of its own local belief and the actual beliefs of its neighbors. Under minimal requirements on the signal structures of the agents and the underlying communication graph, we establish consistency of the proposed belief update rule, i.e., we show that the actual beliefs of the agents asymptotically concentrate on the true state almost surely. As one of the key benefits of our approach, we show that our learning rule can be extended to scenarios that capture misbehavior on the part of certain agents in the network, modeled via the Byzantine adversary model. In particular, we prove that each non-adversarial agent can asymptotically learn the true state of the world almost surely, under appropriate conditions on the observation model and the network topology. 
  In decision making problems for continuous state and action spaces, linear dynamical models are widely employed. Specifically, policies for stochastic linear systems subject to quadratic cost functions capture a large number of applications in reinforcement learning. Selected randomized policies have been studied in the literature recently that address the trade-off between identification and control. However, little is known about policies based on bootstrapping observed states and actions. In this work, we show that bootstrap-based policies achieve a square root scaling of regret with respect to time. We also obtain results on the accuracy of learning the model's dynamics. Corroborative numerical analysis that illustrates the technical results is also provided. 
  Although variational autoencoders (VAEs) represent a widely influential deep generative model, many aspects of the underlying energy function remain poorly understood. In particular, it is commonly believed that Gaussian encoder/decoder assumptions reduce the effectiveness of VAEs in generating realistic samples. In this regard, we rigorously analyze the VAE objective, differentiating situations where this belief is and is not actually true. We then leverage the corresponding insights to develop a simple VAE enhancement that requires no additional hyperparameters or sensitive tuning. Quantitatively, this proposal produces crisp samples and stable FID scores that are actually competitive with a variety of GAN models, all while retaining desirable attributes of the original VAE architecture. A shorter version of this work will appear in the ICLR 2019 conference proceedings (Dai and Wipf, 2019). The code for our model is available at 
  Variational Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) perform variational inference over weights, but it is difficult to specify meaningful priors and approximate posteriors in a high-dimensional weight space. We introduce functional variational Bayesian neural networks (fBNNs), which maximize an Evidence Lower BOund (ELBO) defined directly on stochastic processes, i.e. distributions over functions. We prove that the KL divergence between stochastic processes equals the supremum of marginal KL divergences over all finite sets of inputs. Based on this, we introduce a practical training objective which approximates the functional ELBO using finite measurement sets and the spectral Stein gradient estimator. With fBNNs, we can specify priors entailing rich structures, including Gaussian processes and implicit stochastic processes. Empirically, we find fBNNs extrapolate well using various structured priors, provide reliable uncertainty estimates, and scale to large datasets. 
  We construct a data-driven dynamical system model for a macroscopic variable the Reynolds number of a high-dimensionally chaotic fluid flow by training its scalar time-series data. We use a machine-learning approach, the reservoir computing for the construction of the model, and do not use the knowledge of a physical process of fluid dynamics in its procedure. It is confirmed that an inferred time-series obtained from the model approximates the actual one in each of various time-intervals, and that some characteristics of the chaotic invariant set mimic the actual ones. We investigate the appropriate choice of the delay-coordinate, especially the delay-time and the dimension, which enables us to construct a model having a relatively high-dimensional attractor easily. 
  Deep neural networks have introduced significant advancements in the field of machine learning-based analysis of digital pathology images including prostate tissue images. With the help of transfer learning, classification and segmentation performance of neural network models have been further increased. However, due to the absence of large, extensively annotated, publicly available prostate histopathology datasets, several previous studies employ datasets from well-studied computer vision tasks such as ImageNet dataset. In this work, we propose a transfer learning scheme from breast histopathology images to improve prostate cancer detection performance. We validate our approach on annotated prostate whole slide images by using a publicly available breast histopathology dataset as pre-training. We show that the proposed cross-cancer approach outperforms transfer learning from ImageNet dataset. 
  Recent developments in multi-agent imitation learning have shown promising results for modeling the behavior of human drivers. However, it is challenging to capture emergent traffic behaviors that are observed in real-world datasets. Such behaviors arise due to the many local interactions between agents that are not commonly accounted for in imitation learning. This paper proposes Reward Augmented Imitation Learning (RAIL), which integrates reward augmentation into the multi-agent imitation learning framework and allows the designer to specify prior knowledge in a principled fashion. We prove that convergence guarantees for the imitation learning process are preserved under the application of reward augmentation. This method is validated in a driving scenario, where an entire traffic scene is controlled by driving policies learned using our proposed algorithm. Further, we demonstrate improved performance in comparison to traditional imitation learning algorithms both in terms of the local actions of a single agent and the behavior of emergent properties in complex, multi-agent settings. 
  We view a conic optimization problem that has a unique solution as a map from its data to its solution. If sufficient regularity conditions hold at a solution point, namely that the implicit function theorem applies to the normalized residual function of [Busseti et al, 2018], the problem solution map is differentiable. We obtain the derivative, in the form of an abstract linear operator. This applies to any convex optimization problem in conic form, while a previous result [Amos et al, 2016] studied strictly convex quadratic programs. Such differentiable problems can be used, for example, in machine learning, control, and related areas, as a layer in an end-to-end learning and control procedure, for backpropagation. We accompany this note with a lightweight Python implementation which can handle problems with the cone constraints commonly used in practice. 
  In this paper, we propose a reinforcement learning-based algorithm for trajectory optimization for constrained dynamical systems. This problem is motivated by the fact that for most robotic systems, the dynamics may not always be known. Generating smooth, dynamically feasible trajectories could be difficult for such systems. Using sampling-based algorithms for motion planning may result in trajectories that are prone to undesirable control jumps. However, they can usually provide a good reference trajectory which a model-free reinforcement learning algorithm can then exploit by limiting the search domain and quickly finding a dynamically smooth trajectory. We use this idea to train a reinforcement learning agent to learn a dynamically smooth trajectory in a curriculum learning setting. Furthermore, for generalization, we parameterize the policies with goal locations, so that the agent can be trained for multiple goals simultaneously. We show result in both simulated environments as well as real experiments, for a $6$-DoF manipulator arm operated in position-controlled mode to validate the proposed idea. We compare the proposed ideas against a PID controller which is used to track a designed trajectory in configuration space. Our experiments show that our RL agent trained with a reference path outperformed a model-free PID controller of the type commonly used on many robotic platforms for trajectory tracking. 
  Statistical language modeling techniques have successfully been applied to source code, yielding a variety of new software development tools, such as tools for code suggestion and improving readability. A major issue with these techniques is that code introduces new vocabulary at a far higher rate than natural language, as new identifier names proliferate. But traditional language models limit the vocabulary to a fixed set of common words. For code, this strong assumption has been shown to have a significant negative effect on predictive performance. But the open vocabulary version of the neural network language models for code have not been introduced in the literature. We present a new open-vocabulary neural language model for code that is not limited to a fixed vocabulary of identifier names. We employ a segmentation into subword units, subsequences of tokens chosen based on a compression criterion, following previous work in machine translation. Our network achieves best in class performance, outperforming even the state-of-the-art methods of Hellendoorn and Devanbu that are designed specifically to model code. Furthermore, we present a simple method for dynamically adapting the model to a new test project, resulting in increased performance. We showcase our methodology on code corpora in three different languages of over a billion tokens each, hundreds of times larger than in previous work. To our knowledge, this is the largest neural language model for code that has been reported. 
  Cardinality estimation algorithms receive a stream of elements, with possible repetitions, and return the number of distinct elements in the stream. Such algorithms seek to minimize the required memory and CPU resource consumption at the price of inaccuracy in their output. In computer networks, cardinality estimation algorithms are mainly used for counting the number of distinct flows, and they are divided into two categories: sketching algorithms and sampling algorithms. Sketching algorithms require the processing of all packets, and they are therefore usually implemented by dedicated hardware. Sampling algorithms do not require processing of all packets, but they are known for their inaccuracy. In this work we identify one of the major drawbacks of sampling-based cardinality estimation algorithms: their inability to adapt to changes in flow size distribution. To address this problem, we propose a new sampling-based adaptive cardinality estimation framework, which uses online machine learning. We evaluate our framework using real traffic traces, and show significantly better accuracy compared to the best known sampling-based algorithms, for the same fraction of processed packets. 
  Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithms are widely used to sample from complicated distributions, especially to sample from the posterior distribution in Bayesian inference. However, MCMC is not directly applicable when facing the doubly intractable problem. In this paper, we discussed and compared two existing solutions -- Pseudo-marginal Monte Carlo and Exchange Algorithm. This paper also proposes a novel algorithm: Multi-armed Bandit MCMC (MABMC), which chooses between two (or more) randomized acceptance ratios in each step. MABMC could be applied directly to incorporate Pseudo-marginal Monte Carlo and Exchange algorithm, with higher average acceptance probability. 
  Malware detection is a popular application of Machine Learning for Information Security (ML-Sec), in which an ML classifier is trained to predict whether a given file is malware or benignware. Parameters of this classifier are typically optimized such that outputs from the model over a set of input samples most closely match the samples' true malicious/benign (1/0) target labels. However, there are often a number of other sources of contextual metadata for each malware sample, beyond an aggregate malicious/benign label, including multiple labeling sources and malware type information (e.g., ransomware, trojan, etc.), which we can feed to the classifier as auxiliary prediction targets. In this work, we fit deep neural networks to multiple additional targets derived from metadata in a threat intelligence feed for Portable Executable (PE) malware and benignware, including a multi-source malicious/benign loss, a count loss on multi-source detections, and a semantic malware attribute tag loss. We find that incorporating multiple auxiliary loss terms yields a marked improvement in performance on the main detection task. We also demonstrate that these gains likely stem from a more informed neural network representation and are not due to a regularization artifact of multi-target learning. Our auxiliary loss architecture yields a significant reduction in detection error rate (false negatives) of 42.6% at a false positive rate (FPR) of $10^{-3}$ when compared to a similar model with only one target, and a decrease of 53.8% at $10^{-5}$ FPR. 
  Diversity of environments is a key challenge that causes learned robotic controllers to fail due to the discrepancies between the training and evaluation conditions. Training from demonstrations in various conditions can mitigate---but not completely prevent---such failures. Learned controllers such as neural networks typically do not have a notion of uncertainty that allows to diagnose an offset between training and testing conditions, and potentially intervene. In this work, we propose to use Bayesian Neural Networks, which have such a notion of uncertainty. We show that uncertainty can be leveraged to consistently detect situations in high-dimensional simulated and real robotic domains in which the performance of the learned controller would be sub-par. Also, we show that such an uncertainty based solution allows making an informed decision about when to invoke a fallback strategy. One fallback strategy is to request more data. We empirically show that providing data only when requested results in increased data-efficiency. 
  Phishing as one of the most well-known cybercrime activities is a deception of online users to steal their personal or confidential information by impersonating a legitimate website. Several machine learning-based strategies have been proposed to detect phishing websites. These techniques are dependent on the features extracted from the website samples. However, few studies have actually considered efficient feature selection for detecting phishing attacks. In this work, we investigate an agreement on the definitive features which should be used in phishing detection. We apply Fuzzy Rough Set (FRS) theory as a tool to select most effective features from three benchmarked data sets. The selected features are fed into three often used classifiers for phishing detection. To evaluate the FRS feature selection in developing a generalizable phishing detection, the classifiers are trained by a separate out-of-sample data set of 14,000 website samples. The maximum F-measure gained by FRS feature selection is 95% using Random Forest classification. Also, there are 9 universal features selected by FRS over all the three data sets. The F-measure value using this universal feature set is approximately 93% which is a comparable result in contrast to the FRS performance. Since the universal feature set contains no features from third-part services, this finding implies that with no inquiry from external sources, we can gain a faster phishing detection which is also robust toward zero-day attacks. 
  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) show strong promise for analyzing scientific data in many domains including particle imaging detectors such as a liquid argon time projection chamber (LArTPC). Yet the high sparsity of LArTPC data challenges traditional CNNs which were designed for dense data such as photographs. A naive application of CNNs on LArTPC data results in inefficient computations and a poor scalability to large LArTPC detectors such as the Short Baseline Neutrino Program and Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment. Recently Submanifold Sparse Convolutional Networks (SSCNs) have been proposed to address this challenge. We report their performance on a 3D semantic segmentation task on simulated LArTPC samples. In comparison with standard CNNs, we observe that the computation memory and wall-time cost for inference are reduced by factor of 364 and 33 respectively without loss of accuracy. The same factors for 2D samples are found to be 93 and 3.1 respectively. Using SSCN, we present the first machine learning-based approach to the reconstruction of Michel electrons using public 3D LArTPC samples. We find a Michel electron identification efficiency of 93.9\% with 98.8\% of true positive rate. Reconstructed Michel electron clusters yield 96.1\% in average pixel clustering efficiency and 97.3\% in purity. The results are compelling to show strong promise of scalable data reconstruction technique using deep neural networks for large scale LArTPC detectors. 
  Training activation quantized neural networks involves minimizing a piecewise constant function whose gradient vanishes almost everywhere, which is undesirable for the standard back-propagation or chain rule. An empirical way around this issue is to use a straight-through estimator (STE) (Bengio et al., 2013) in the backward pass, so that the "gradient" through the modified chain rule becomes non-trivial. Since this unusual "gradient" is certainly not the gradient of loss function, the following question arises: why searching in its negative direction minimizes the training loss? In this paper, we provide the theoretical justification of the concept of STE by answering this question. We consider the problem of learning a two-linear-layer network with binarized ReLU activation and Gaussian input data. We shall refer to the unusual "gradient" given by the STE-modifed chain rule as coarse gradient. The choice of STE is not unique. We prove that if the STE is properly chosen, the expected coarse gradient correlates positively with the population gradient (not available for the training), and its negation is a descent direction for minimizing the population loss. We further show the associated coarse gradient descent algorithm converges to a critical point of the population loss minimization problem. Moreover, we show that a poor choice of STE leads to instability of the training algorithm near certain local minima, which is verified with CIFAR-10 experiments. 
  Despite the development of two and three dimensional (2D&3D) technology, it has attracted the attention of researchers in recent years. This research is done to reveal the detailed effects of 2D in comparison with 3D technology on the human brain waves. The impact of 2D&3D video watching using electroencephalography (EEG) brain signals is studied. A group of eight healthy volunteers with the average age of 31+-3.06 years old participated in this three-stage test. EEG signal recording consisted of three stages: After a bit of relaxation (a), a 2D video was displayed (b), the recording of the signal continued for a short period of time as rest (c), and finally the trial ended. Exactly the same steps were repeated for the 3D video. Power spectrum density (PSD) based on short time Fourier transform (STFT) was used to analyze the brain signals of 2D&3D video viewers. After testing all the EEG frequency bands, delta and theta were extracted as the features. Partial least squares regression (PLSR) and Support vector machine (SVM) classification algorithms were considered in order to classify EEG signals obtained as the result of 2D&3D video watching. Successful classification results were obtained by selecting the correct combinations of effective channels representing the brain regions. 
  Nowadays, autonomous service robots are becoming an important topic in robotic research. Differently from typical industrial scenarios, with highly controlled environments, service robots must show an additional robustness to task perturbations and changes in the characteristics of their sensory feedback. In this paper a robot is taught to perform two different cleaning tasks over a table, using a learning from demonstration paradigm. However, differently from other approaches, a convolutional neural network is used to generalize the demonstrations to different, not yet seen dirt or stain patterns on the same table using only visual feedback, and to perform cleaning movements accordingly. Robustness to robot posture and illumination changes is achieved using data augmentation techniques and camera images transformation. This robustness allows the transfer of knowledge regarding execution of cleaning tasks between heterogeneous robots operating in different environmental settings. To demonstrate the viability of the proposed approach, a network trained in Lisbon to perform cleaning tasks, using the iCub robot, is successfully employed by the DoRo robot in Peccioli, Italy. 
  The spatio-temporal graph learning is becoming an increasingly important object of graph study. Many application domains involve highly dynamic graphs where temporal information is crucial, e.g. traffic networks and financial transaction graphs. Despite the constant progress made on learning structured data, there is still a lack of effective means to extract dynamic complex features from spatio-temporal structures. Particularly, conventional models such as convolutional networks or recurrent neural networks are incapable of revealing the temporal patterns in short or long terms and exploring the spatial properties in local or global scope from spatio-temporal graphs simultaneously. To tackle this problem, we design a novel multi-scale architecture, Spatio-Temporal U-Net (ST-UNet), for graph-structured time series modeling. In this U-shaped network, a paired sampling operation is proposed in spacetime domain accordingly: the pooling (ST-Pool) coarsens the input graph in spatial from its deterministic partition while abstracts multi-resolution temporal dependencies through dilated recurrent skip connections; based on previous settings in the downsampling, the unpooling (ST-Unpool) restores the original structure of spatio-temporal graphs and resumes regular intervals within graph sequences. Experiments on spatio-temporal prediction tasks demonstrate that our model effectively captures comprehensive features in multiple scales and achieves substantial improvements over mainstream methods on several real-world datasets. 
  We study linear programming and general LP-type problems in several big data (streaming and distributed) models. We mainly focus on low dimensional problems in which the number of constraints is much larger than the number of variables. Low dimensional LP-type problems appear frequently in various machine learning tasks such as robust regression, support vector machines, and core vector machines. As supporting large-scale machine learning queries in database systems has become an important direction for database research, obtaining efficient algorithms for low dimensional LP-type problems on massive datasets is of great value. In this paper we give both upper and lower bounds for LP-type problems in distributed and streaming models. Our bounds are almost tight when the dimensionality of the problem is a fixed constant. 
  In this paper, we present exploitability descent, a new algorithm to compute approximate equilibria in two-player zero-sum extensive-form games with imperfect information, by direct policy optimization against worst-case opponents. We prove that when following this optimization, the exploitability of a player's strategy converges asymptotically to zero, and hence when both players employ this optimization, the joint policies converge to a Nash equilibrium. Unlike fictitious play (XFP) and counterfactual regret minimization (CFR), our convergence result pertains to the policies being optimized rather than the average policies. Our experiments demonstrate convergence rates comparable to XFP and CFR in four benchmark games in the tabular case. Using function approximation, we find that our algorithm outperforms the tabular version in two of the games, which, to the best of our knowledge, is the first such result in imperfect information games among this class of algorithms. 
  Gaussian processes (GP) are a popular Bayesian approach for the optimization of black-box functions. Despite their effectiveness in simple problems, GP-based algorithms hardly scale to complex high-dimensional functions, as their per-iteration time and space cost is at least quadratic in the number of dimensions $d$ and iterations $t$. Given a set of $A$ alternative to choose from, the overall runtime $O(t^3A)$ quickly becomes prohibitive. In this paper, we introduce BKB (budgeted kernelized bandit), a novel approximate GP algorithm for optimization under bandit feedback that achieves near-optimal regret (and hence near-optimal convergence rate) with near-constant per-iteration complexity and no assumption on the input space or covariance of the GP. 
  Word meaning changes over time, depending on linguistic and extra-linguistic factors. Associating a word's correct meaning in its historical context is a critical challenge in diachronic research, and is relevant to a range of NLP tasks, including information retrieval and semantic search in historical texts. Bayesian models for semantic change have emerged as a powerful tool to address this challenge, providing explicit and interpretable representations of semantic change phenomena. However, while corpora typically come with rich metadata, existing models are limited by their inability to exploit contextual information (such as text genre) beyond the document time-stamp. This is particularly critical in the case of ancient languages, where lack of data and long diachronic span make it harder to draw a clear distinction between polysemy and semantic change, and current systems perform poorly on these languages. We develop GASC, a dynamic semantic change model that leverages categorical metadata about the texts' genre information to boost inference and uncover the evolution of meanings in Ancient Greek corpora. In a new evaluation framework, we show that our model achieves improved predictive performance compared to the state of the art. 
  Quaternion symmetry is ubiquitous in the physical sciences. As such, much work has been afforded over the years to the development of efficient schemes to exploit this symmetry using real and complex linear algebra. Recent years have also seen many advances in the formal theoretical development of explicitly quaternion linear algebra with promising applications in image processing and machine learning. Despite these advances, there do not currently exist optimized software implementations of quaternion linear algebra. The leverage of optimized linear algebra software is crucial in the achievement of high levels of performance on modern computing architectures, and thus provides a central tool in the development of high-performance scientific software. In this work, a case will be made for the efficacy of high-performance quaternion linear algebra software for appropriate problems. In this pursuit, an optimized software implementation of quaternion matrix multiplication will be presented and will be shown to outperform a vendor tuned implementation for the analogous complex matrix operation. The results of this work pave the path for further development of high-performance quaternion linear algebra software which will improve the performance of the next generation of applicable scientific applications. 
  We have recently seen the emergence of several publicly available Natural Language Understanding (NLU) toolkits, which map user utterances to structured, but more abstract, Dialogue Act (DA) or Intent specifications, while making this process accessible to the lay developer. In this paper, we present the first wide coverage evaluation and comparison of some of the most popular NLU services, on a large, multi-domain (21 domains) dataset of 25K user utterances that we have collected and annotated with Intent and Entity Type specifications and which will be released as part of this submission. The results show that on Intent classification Watson significantly outperforms the other platforms, namely, Dialogflow, LUIS and Rasa; though these also perform well. Interestingly, on Entity Type recognition, Watson performs significantly worse due to its low Precision. Again, Dialogflow, LUIS and Rasa perform well on this task. 
  Communication is an important factor for the big multi-agent world to stay organized and productive. Recently, the AI community has applied the Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) to learn the communication strategy and the control policy for multiple agents. However, when implementing the communication for real-world multi-agent applications, there is a more practical limited-bandwidth restriction, which has been largely ignored by the existing DRL-based methods. Specifically, agents trained by most previous methods keep sending messages incessantly in every control cycle; due to emitting too many messages, these methods are unsuitable to be applied to the real-world systems that have a limited bandwidth to transmit the messages. To handle this problem, we propose a gating mechanism to adaptively prune unprofitable messages. Results show that the gating mechanism can prune more than 80% messages with little damage to the performance. Moreover, our method outperforms several state-of-the-art DRL-based and rule-based methods by a large margin in both the real-world packet routing tasks and four benchmark tasks. 
  The maximum k-plex problem is a computationally complex problem, which emerged from graph-theoretic social network studies. This paper presents an effective hybrid local search for solving the maximum k-plex problem that combines the recently proposed breakout local search algorithm with a reinforcement learning strategy. The proposed approach includes distinguishing features such as: a unified neighborhood search based on the swapping operator, a distance-and-quality reward for actions and a new parameter control mechanism based on reinforcement learning. Extensive experiments for the maximum k-plex problem (k = 2, 3, 4, 5) on 80 benchmark instances from the second DIMACS Challenge demonstrate that the proposed approach can match the best-known results from the literature in all but four problem instances. In addition, the proposed algorithm is able to find 32 new best solutions. 
  We aim at developing and improving the imbalanced business risk modeling via jointly using proper evaluation criteria, resampling, cross-validation, classifier regularization, and ensembling techniques. Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve (AUC of ROC) is used for model comparison based on 10-fold cross validation. Two undersampling strategies including random undersampling (RUS) and cluster centroid undersampling (CCUS), as well as two oversampling methods including random oversampling (ROS) and Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE), are applied. Three highly interpretable classifiers, including logistic regression without regularization (LR), L1-regularized LR (L1LR), and decision tree (DT) are implemented. Two ensembling techniques, including Bagging and Boosting, are applied on the DT classifier for further model improvement. The results show that, Boosting on DT by using the oversampled data containing 50% positives via SMOTE is the optimal model and it can achieve AUC, recall, and F1 score valued 0.8633, 0.9260, and 0.8907, respectively. 
  This paper presents a hardness-aware deep metric learning (HDML) framework. Most previous deep metric learning methods employ the hard negative mining strategy to alleviate the lack of informative samples for training. However, this mining strategy only utilizes a subset of training data, which may not be enough to characterize the global geometry of the embedding space comprehensively. To address this problem, we perform linear interpolation on embeddings to adaptively manipulate their hard levels and generate corresponding label-preserving synthetics for recycled training, so that information buried in all samples can be fully exploited and the metric is always challenged with proper difficulty. Our method achieves very competitive performance on the widely used CUB-200-2011, Cars196, and Stanford Online Products datasets. 
  Deep learning techniques are rapidly advanced recently, and becoming a necessity component for widespread systems. However, the inference process of deep learning is black-box, and not very suitable to safety-critical systems which must exhibit high transparency. In this paper, to address this black-box limitation, we develop a simple analysis method which consists of 1) structural feature analysis: lists of the features contributing to inference process, 2) linguistic feature analysis: lists of the natural language labels describing the visual attributes for each feature contributing to inference process, and 3) consistency analysis: measuring consistency among input data, inference (label), and the result of our structural and linguistic feature analysis. Our analysis is simplified to reflect the actual inference process for high transparency, whereas it does not include any additional black-box mechanisms such as LSTM for highly human readable results. We conduct experiments and discuss the results of our analysis qualitatively and quantitatively, and come to believe that our work improves the transparency of neural networks. Evaluated through 12,800 human tasks, 75% workers answer that input data and result of our feature analysis are consistent, and 70% workers answer that inference (label) and result of our feature analysis are consistent. In addition to the evaluation of the proposed analysis, we find that our analysis also provide suggestions, or possible next actions such as expanding neural network complexity or collecting training data to improve a neural network. 
  Because the choice and tuning of the optimizer affects the speed, and ultimately the performance of deep learning, there is significant past and recent research in this area. Yet, perhaps surprisingly, there is no generally agreed-upon protocol for the quantitative and reproducible evaluation of optimization strategies for deep learning. We suggest routines and benchmarks for stochastic optimization, with special focus on the unique aspects of deep learning, such as stochasticity, tunability and generalization. As the primary contribution, we present DeepOBS, a Python package of deep learning optimization benchmarks. The package addresses key challenges in the quantitative assessment of stochastic optimizers, and automates most steps of benchmarking. The library includes a wide and extensible set of ready-to-use realistic optimization problems, such as training Residual Networks for image classification on ImageNet or character-level language prediction models, as well as popular classics like MNIST and CIFAR-10. The package also provides realistic baseline results for the most popular optimizers on these test problems, ensuring a fair comparison to the competition when benchmarking new optimizers, and without having to run costly experiments. It comes with output back-ends that directly produce LaTeX code for inclusion in academic publications. It supports TensorFlow and is available open source. 
  Bayesian optimal experimental design (BOED) is a principled framework for making efficient use of limited experimental resources. Unfortunately, its applicability is hampered by the difficulty of obtaining accurate estimates of the expected information gain (EIG) of an experiment. To address this, we introduce several classes of fast EIG estimators suited to the experiment design context by building on ideas from variational inference and mutual information estimation. We show theoretically and empirically that these estimators can provide significant gains in speed and accuracy over previous approaches. We demonstrate the practicality of our approach via a number of experiments, including an adaptive experiment with human participants. 
  The explosion of 5G networks and the Internet of Things will result in an exceptionally crowded RF environment, where techniques such as spectrum sharing and dynamic spectrum access will become essential components of the wireless communication process. In this vision, wireless devices must be able to (i) learn to autonomously extract knowledge from the spectrum on-the-fly; and (ii) react in real time to the inferred spectrum knowledge by appropriately changing communication parameters, including frequency band, symbol modulation, coding rate, among others. Traditional CPU-based machine learning suffers from high latency, and requires application-specific and computationally-intensive feature extraction/selection algorithms. In this paper, we present RFLearn, the first system enabling spectrum knowledge extraction from unprocessed I/Q samples by deep learning directly in the RF loop. RFLearn provides (i) a complete hardware/software architecture where the CPU, radio transceiver and learning/actuation circuits are tightly connected for maximum performance; and (ii) a learning circuit design framework where the latency vs. hardware resource consumption trade-off can explored. We implement and evaluate the performance of RFLearn on custom software-defined radio built on a system-on-chip (SoC) ZYNQ-7000 device mounting AD9361 radio transceivers and VERT2450 antennas. We showcase the capabilities of RFLearn by applying it to solving the fundamental problems of modulation and OFDM parameter recognition. Experimental results reveal that RFLearn decreases latency and power by about 17x and 15x with respect to a software-based solution, with a comparatively low hardware resource consumption. 
  There is accumulating evidence in the literature that stability of learning algorithms is a key characteristic that permits a learning algorithm to generalize. Despite various insightful results in this direction, there seems to be an overlooked dichotomy in the type of stability-based generalization bounds we have in the literature. On one hand, the literature seems to suggest that exponential generalization bounds for the estimated risk, which are optimal, can be only obtained through stringent, distribution independent and computationally intractable notions of stability such as uniform stability. On the other hand, it seems that weaker notions of stability such as hypothesis stability, although it is distribution dependent and more amenable to computation, can only yield polynomial generalization bounds for the estimated risk, which are suboptimal. 
  One of the main challenges with embodying a conversational agent is annotating how and when motions can be played and composed together in real-time, without any visual artifact. The inherent problem is to do so---for a large amount of motions---without introducing mistakes in the annotation. To our knowledge, there is no automatic method that can process animations and automatically label actions and compatibility between them. In practice, a state machine, where clips are the actions, is created manually by setting connections between the states with the timing parameters for these connections. Authoring this state machine for a large amount of motions leads to a visual overflow, and increases the amount of possible mistakes. In consequence, conversational agent embodiments are left with little variations and quickly become repetitive. In this paper, we address this problem with a compact taxonomy of chit chat behaviors, that we can utilize to simplify and partially automate the graph authoring process. We measured the time required to label actions of an embodiment using our simple interface, compared to the standard state machine interface in Unreal Engine, and found that our approach is 7 times faster. We believe that our labeling approach could be a path to automated labeling: once a sub-set of motions are labeled (using our interface), we could learn a prediction that could attribute a label to new clips---allowing to really scale up virtual agent embodiments. 
  Financial market forecasting is one of the most attractive practical applications of sentiment analysis. In this paper, we investigate the potential of using sentiment \emph{attitudes} (positive vs negative) and also sentiment \emph{emotions} (joy, sadness, etc.) extracted from financial news or tweets to help predict stock price movements. Our extensive experiments using the \emph{Granger-causality} test have revealed that (i) in general sentiment attitudes do not seem to Granger-cause stock price changes; and (ii) while on some specific occasions sentiment emotions do seem to Granger-cause stock price changes, the exhibited pattern is not universal and must be looked at on a case by case basis. Furthermore, it has been observed that at least for certain stocks, integrating sentiment emotions as additional features into the machine learning based market trend prediction model could improve its accuracy. 
  Visual semantic information comprises two important parts: the meaning of each visual semantic unit and the coherent visual semantic relation conveyed by these visual semantic units. Essentially, the former one is a visual perception task while the latter one corresponds to visual context reasoning. Remarkable advances in visual perception have been achieved due to the success of deep learning. In contrast, visual semantic information pursuit, a visual scene semantic interpretation task combining visual perception and visual context reasoning, is still in its early stage. It is the core task of many different computer vision applications, such as object detection, visual semantic segmentation, visual relationship detection or scene graph generation. Since it helps to enhance the accuracy and the consistency of the resulting interpretation, visual context reasoning is often incorporated with visual perception in current deep end-to-end visual semantic information pursuit methods. However, a comprehensive review for this exciting area is still lacking. In this survey, we present a unified theoretical paradigm for all these methods, followed by an overview of the major developments and the future trends in each potential direction. The common benchmark datasets, the evaluation metrics and the comparisons of the corresponding methods are also introduced. 
  Real-world congestion problems (e.g. traffic congestion) are typically very complex and large-scale. Multiagent reinforcement learning (MARL) is a promising candidate for dealing with this emerging complexity by providing an autonomous and distributed solution to these problems. However, there are three limiting factors that affect the deployability of MARL approaches to congestion problems. These are learning time, scalability and decentralised coordination i.e. no communication between the learning agents. In this paper we introduce Resource Abstraction, an approach that addresses these challenges by allocating the available resources into abstract groups. This abstraction creates new reward functions that provide a more informative signal to the learning agents and aid the coordination amongst them. Experimental work is conducted on two benchmark domains from the literature, an abstract congestion problem and a realistic traffic congestion problem. The current state-of-the-art for solving multiagent congestion problems is a form of reward shaping called difference rewards. We show that the system using Resource Abstraction significantly improves the learning speed and scalability, and achieves the highest possible or near-highest joint performance/social welfare for both congestion problems in large-scale scenarios involving up to 1000 reinforcement learning agents. 
  In real-world machine learning applications, there is a cost associated with sampling of different features. Budgeted learning can be used to select which feature-values to acquire from each instance in a dataset, such that the best model is induced under a given constraint. However, this approach is not possible in the domain of online learning since one may not retroactively acquire feature-values from past instances. In online learning, the challenge is to find the optimum set of features to be acquired from each instance upon arrival from a data stream. In this paper we introduce the issue of online budgeted learning and describe a general framework for addressing this challenge. We propose two types of feature value acquisition policies based on the multi-armed bandit problem: random and adaptive. Adaptive policies perform online adjustments according to new information coming from a data stream, while random policies are not sensitive to the information that arrives from the data stream. Our comparative study on five real-world datasets indicates that adaptive policies outperform random policies for most budget limitations and datasets. Furthermore, we found that in some cases adaptive policies achieve near-optimal results. 
  One of the biggest challenges in the field of biomedical imaging is the comprehension and the exploitation of the photon scattering through disordered media. Many studies have pursued the solution to this puzzle, achieving light-focusing control or reconstructing images in complex media. In the present work, we investigate how statistical inference helps the calculation of the transmission matrix in a complex scrambling environment, enabling its usage like a normal optical element. We convert a linear input-output transmission problem into a statistical formulation based on pseudolikelihood maximization, learning the coupling matrix via random sampling of intensity realizations. Our aim is to uncover insights from the scattering problem, encouraging the development of novel imaging techniques for better medical investigations, borrowing a number of statistical tools from spin-glass theory. 
  In the past decade, the usage of mobile devices has gone far beyond simple activities like calling and texting. Today, smartphones contain multiple embedded sensors and are able to collect useful sensing data about the user and infer the user's context. The more frequent the sensing, the more accurate the context. However, continuous sensing results in huge energy consumption, decreasing the battery's lifetime. We propose a novel approach for cost-aware sensing when performing continuous latent context detection. The suggested method dynamically determines user's sensors sampling policy based on three factors: (1) User's last known context; (2) Predicted information loss using KL-Divergence; and (3) Sensors' sampling costs. The objective function aims at minimizing both sampling cost and information loss. The method is based on various machine learning techniques including autoencoder neural networks for latent context detection, linear regression for information loss prediction, and convex optimization for determining the optimal sampling policy. To evaluate the suggested method, we performed a series of tests on real-world data recorded at a high-frequency rate; the data was collected from six mobile phone sensors of twenty users over the course of a week. Results show that by applying a dynamic sampling policy, our method naturally balances information loss and energy consumption and outperforms the static approach.% We compared the performance of our method with another state of the art dynamic sampling method and demonstrate its consistent superiority in various measures. %Our methods outperformed, and were able to improve we achieved better results in either sampling cost or information loss, and in some cases we improved both. 
  Human Activity Recognition (HAR) using deep neural network has become a hot topic in human-computer interaction. Machine can effectively identify human naturalistic activities by learning from a large collection of sensor data. Activity recognition is not only an interesting research problem, but also has many real-world practical applications. Based on the success of residual networks in achieving a high level of aesthetic representation of the automatic learning, we propose a novel \textbf{D}ual \textbf{R}esidual \textbf{N}etwork, named DRN. DRN is implemented using two identical path frameworks consisting of (1) a short time window, which is used to capture spatial features, and (2) a long time window, which is used to capture fine temporal features. The long time window path can be made very lightweight by reducing its channel capacity, yet still being able to learn useful temporal representations for activity recognition. In this paper, we mainly focus on proposing a new model to improve the accuracy of HAR. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of DRN model, we carried out extensive experiments and compared with conventional recognition methods (HC, CBH, CBS) and learning-based methods (AE, MLP, CNN, LSTM, Hybrid, ResNet). The benchmark datasets (OPPORTUNITY, UniMiB-SHAR) were adopted by our experiments. Results from our experiments show that our model is effective in recognizing human activities via wearable datasets. We discuss the influence of networks parameters on performance to provide insights about its optimization. 
  Learning the dynamics of robots from data can help achieve more accurate tracking controllers, or aid their navigation algorithms. However, when the actual dynamics of the robots change due to external conditions, on-line adaptation of their models is required to maintain high fidelity performance. In this work, a framework for on-line learning of robot dynamics is developed to adapt to such changes. The proposed framework employs an incremental support vector regression method to learn the model sequentially from data streams. In combination with the incremental learning, strategies for including and forgetting data are developed to obtain better generalization over the whole state space. The framework is tested in simulation and real experimental scenarios demonstrating its adaptation capabilities to changes in the robot's dynamics. 
  We consider the problem of embedding a relation, represented as a directed graph, into Euclidean space. For three types of embeddings motivated by the recent literature on knowledge graphs, we obtain characterizations of which relations they are able to capture, as well as bounds on the minimal dimensionality and precision needed. 
  Weighted model integration (WMI) extends Weighted model counting (WMC) to the integration of functions over mixed discrete-continuous domains. It has shown tremendous promise for solving inference problems in graphical models and probabilistic programming. Yet, state-of-the-art tools for WMI are limited in terms of performance and ignore the independence structure that is crucial to improving efficiency. To address this limitation, we propose an efficient model integration algorithm for theories with tree primal graphs. We exploit the sparse graph structure by using search to performing integration. Our algorithm greatly improves the computational efficiency on such problems and exploits context-specific independence between variables. Experimental results show dramatic speedups compared to existing WMI solvers on problems with tree-shaped dependencies. 
  Recently, the research of wireless sensing has achieved more intelligent results, and the intelligent sensing of human location and activity can be realized by means of WiFi devices. However, most of the current human environment perception work is limited to a single person's environment, because the environment in which multiple people exist is more complicated than the environment in which a single person exists. In order to solve the problem of human behavior perception in a multi-human environment, we first proposed a solution to achieve crowd counting (inferred population) using deep learning in a closed environment with WIFI signals - DeepCout, which is the first in a multi-human environment. step. Since the use of WiFi to directly count the crowd is too complicated, we use deep learning to solve this problem, use Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) to automatically extract the relationship between the number of people and the channel, and use Long Short Term Memory(LSTM) to resolve the dependencies of number of people and Channel State Information(CSI) . To overcome the massive labelled data required by deep learning method, we add an online learning mechanism to determine whether or not someone is entering/leaving the room by activity recognition model, so as to correct the deep learning model in the fine-tune stage, which, in turn, reduces the required training data and make our method evolving over time. The system of DeepCount is performed and evaluated on the commercial WiFi devices. By massive training samples, our end-to-end learning approach can achieve an average of 86.4% prediction accuracy in an environment of up to 5 people. Meanwhile, by the amendment mechanism of the activity recognition model to judge door switch to get the variance of crowd to amend deep learning predicted results, the accuracy is up to 90%. 
  We study the problem of learning a $d$-dimensional log-concave distribution from $n$ i.i.d. samples with respect to both the squared Hellinger and the total variation distances. We show that for all $d \ge 4$ the maximum likelihood estimator achieves an optimal risk (up to a logarithmic factor) of $O_d(n^{-2/(d+1)}\log(n))$ in terms of squared Hellinger distance. Previously, the optimality of the MLE was known only for $d\le 3$. Additionally, we show that the metric plays a key role, by proving that the minimax risk is at least $\Omega_d(n^{-2/(d+4)})$ in terms of the total variation. Finally, we significantly improve the dimensional constant in the best known lower bound on the risk with respect to the squared Hellinger distance, improving the bound from $2^{-d}n^{-2/(d+1)}$ to $\Omega(n^{-2/(d+1)})$. This implies that estimating a log-concave density up to a fixed accuracy requires a number of samples which is exponential in the dimension. 
  In this paper, we propose a novel domain adaptation method that can be applied without target data. We consider the situation where domain shift is caused by a prior change of a specific factor and assume that we know how the prior changes between source and target domains. We call this factor an attribute, and reformulate the domain adaptation problem to utilize the attribute prior instead of target data. In our method, the source data are reweighted with the sample-wise weight estimated by the attribute prior and the data themselves so that they are useful in the target domain. We theoretically reveal that our method provides more precise estimation of sample-wise transferability than a straightforward attribute-based reweighting approach. Experimental results with both toy datasets and benchmark datasets show that our method can perform well, though it does not use any target data. 
  Steganography refers to the art of concealing secret messages within multiple media carriers so that an eavesdropper is unable to detect the presence and content of the hidden messages. In this paper, we firstly propose a novel key-dependent steganographic scheme that achieves steganographic objectives with adversarial training. Symmetric (secret-key) and Asymmetric (public-key) steganographic scheme are separately proposed and each scheme is successfully designed and implemented. We show that these encodings produced by our scheme improve the invisibility by 20% than previous deep-leanring-based work, and further that perform competitively remarkable undetectability 25% better than classic steganographic algorithms. Finally, we simulated our scheme in a real situation where the decoder achieved an accuracy of more than 98% of the original message. 
  Due to the high variance of policy gradients, on-policy optimization algorithms are plagued with low sample efficiency. In this work, we propose Augment-Reinforce-Merge (ARM) policy gradient estimator as an unbiased low-variance alternative to previous baseline estimators on tasks with binary action space, inspired by the recent ARM gradient estimator for discrete random variable models. We show that the ARM policy gradient estimator achieves variance reduction with theoretical guarantees, and leads to significantly more stable and faster convergence of policies parameterized by neural networks. 
  SemEval-2019 Task 6 requires us to identify and categorise offensive language in social media. In this paper we will describe the process we took to tackle this challenge. Our process is heavily inspired by Sosa (2017) [1] where he proposed CNN-LSTM and LSTM-CNN models to conduct twitter sentiment analysis. We decided to follow his approach as well as further his work by testing out different variations of RNN models with CNN. Specifically, we have divided the challenge into two parts: data processing and sampling and choosing the optimal deep learning architecture. In preprocessing, we experimented with two techniques, SMOTE and Class Weights to counter the imbalance between classes. Once we are happy with the quality of our input data, we proceed to choosing the optimal deep learning architecture for this task. Given the quality and quantity of data we have been given, we found that the addition of CNN layer provides very little to no additional improvement to our model's performance and sometimes even worsen our F1-score. In the end, the deep learning architecture that gives us the highest macro F1-score is a simple BiLSTM-CNN. 
  Particulate Stokesian flows describe the hydrodynamics of rigid or deformable particles in Stokes flows. Due to highly nonlinear fluid-structure interaction dynamics, moving interfaces, and multiple scales, numerical simulations of such flows are challenging and expensive. In this Letter, we propose a generic machine-learning-augmented reduced model for these flows. Our model replaces expensive parts of a numerical scheme with multilayer perceptrons. Given the physical parameters of the particle, our model generalizes to arbitrary geometries and boundary conditions without the need to retrain the regression function. It is 10 times faster than a state-of-the-art numerical scheme having the same number of degrees of freedom and can reproduce several features of the flow quite accurately. We illustrate the performance of our model on integral equation formulation of vesicle suspensions in two dimensions. 
  The operation and planning of large-scale power systems are becoming more challenging with the increasing penetration of stochastic renewable generation. In order to minimize the decision risks in power systems with large amount of renewable resources, there is a growing need to model the short-term generation uncertainty. By producing a group of possible future realizations for certain set of renewable generation plants, scenario approach has become one popular way for renewables uncertainty modeling. However, due to the complex spatial and temporal correlations underlying in renewable generations, traditional model-based approaches for forecasting future scenarios often require extensive knowledge, while fitted models are often hard to scale. To address such modeling burdens, we propose a learning-based, data-driven scenario forecasts method based on generative adversarial networks (GANs), which is a class of deep-learning generative algorithms used for modeling unknown distributions. We firstly utilize an improved GANs with convergence guarantees to learn the intrinsic patterns and model the unknown distributions of (multiple-site) renewable generation time-series. Then by solving an optimization problem, we are able to generate forecasted scenarios without any scenario number and forecasting horizon restrictions. Our method is totally model-free, and could forecast scenarios under different level of forecast uncertainties. Extensive numerical simulations using real-world data from NREL wind and solar integration datasets validate the performance of proposed method in forecasting both wind and solar power scenarios. 
  We propose a new low-cost machine-learning-based methodology which assists designers in reducing the gap between the problem and the solution in the design process. Our work applies reinforcement learning (RL) to find the optimal task-oriented design solution through the construction of the design action for each task. For this task-oriented design, the 3D design process in product design is assigned to an action space in Deep RL, and the desired 3D model is obtained by training each design action according to the task. By showing that this method achieves satisfactory design even when applied to a task pursuing multiple goals, we suggest the direction of how machine learning can contribute to the design process. Also, we have validated with product designers that this methodology can assist the creative part in the process of design. 
  We organized a competition on Autonomous Lifelong Machine Learning with Drift that was part of the competition program of NeurIPS 2018. This data driven competition asked participants to develop computer programs capable of solving supervised learning problems where the i.i.d. assumption did not hold. Large data sets were arranged in a lifelong learning and evaluation scenario and CodaLab was used as the challenge platform. The challenge attracted more than 300 participants in its two month duration. This chapter describes the design of the challenge and summarizes its main results. 
  Unlike common cancers, such as those of the prostate and breast, tumor grading in rare cancers is difficult and largely undefined because of small sample sizes, the sheer volume of time needed to undertake on such a task, and the inherent difficulty of extracting human-observed patterns. One of the most challenging examples is intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma (ICC), a primary liver cancer arising from the biliary system, for which there is well-recognized tumor heterogeneity and no grading paradigm or prognostic biomarkers. In this paper, we propose a new unsupervised deep convolutional autoencoder-based clustering model that groups together cellular and structural morphologies of tumor in 246 ICC digitized whole slides, based on visual similarity. From this visual dictionary of histologic patterns, we use the clusters as covariates to train Cox-proportional hazard survival models. In univariate analysis, three clusters were significantly associated with recurrence-free survival. Combinations of these clusters were significant in multivariate analysis. In a multivariate analysis of all clusters, five showed significance to recurrence-free survival, however the overall model was not measured to be significant. Finally, a pathologist assigned clinical terminology to the significant clusters in the visual dictionary and found evidence supporting the hypothesis that collagen-enriched fibrosis plays a role in disease severity. These results offer insight into the future of cancer subtyping and show that computational pathology can contribute to disease prognostication, especially in rare cancers. 
  Finding clusters of well-connected nodes in a graph is an extensively studied problem in graph-based data analysis. Because of its many applications, a large number of distinct graph clustering objective functions and algorithms have already been proposed and analyzed. To aid practitioners in determining the best clustering approach to use in different applications, we present new techniques for automatically learning how to set clustering resolution parameters. These parameters control the size and structure of communities that are formed by optimizing a generalized objective function. We begin by formalizing the notion of a parameter fitness function, which measures how well a fixed input clustering approximately solves a generalized clustering objective for a specific resolution parameter value. Under reasonable assumptions, which suit two key graph clustering applications, such a parameter fitness function can be efficiently minimized using a bisection-like method, yielding a resolution parameter that fits well with the example clustering. We view our framework as a type of single-shot hyperparameter tuning, as we are able to learn a good resolution parameter with just a single example. Our general approach can be applied to learn resolution parameters for both local and global graph clustering objectives. We demonstrate its utility in several experiments on real-world data where it is helpful to learn resolution parameters from a given example clustering. 
  Subspace sparse coding (SSC) algorithms have proven to be beneficial to clustering problems. They provide an alternative data representation in which the underlying structure of the clusters can be better captured. However, most of the research in this area is mainly focused on enhancing the sparse coding part of the problem. In contrast, we introduce a novel objective term in our proposed SSC framework which focuses on the separability of data points in the coding space. We also provide mathematical insights into how this local-separability term improves the clustering result of the SSC framework. Our proposed non-linear local SSC algorithm (NLSSC) also benefits from the efficient choice of its sparsity terms and constraints. The NLSSC algorithm is also formulated in the kernel-based framework (NLKSSC) which can represent the nonlinear structure of data. In addition, we address the possibility of having redundancies in sparse coding results and its negative effect on graph-based clustering problems. We introduce the link-restore post-processing step to improve the representation graph of non-negative SSC algorithms such as ours. Empirical evaluations on well-known clustering benchmarks show that our proposed NLSSC framework results in better clusterings compared to the state-of-the-art baselines and demonstrate the effectiveness of the link-restore post-processing in improving the clustering accuracy via correcting the broken links of the representation graph. 
  In recent years, kernel-based sparse coding (K-SRC) has received particular attention due to its efficient representation of nonlinear data structures in the feature space. Nevertheless, the existing K-SRC methods suffer from the lack of consistency between their training and test optimization frameworks. In this work, we propose a novel confident K-SRC and dictionary learning algorithm (CKSC) which focuses on the discriminative reconstruction of the data based on its representation in the kernel space. CKSC focuses on reconstructing each data sample via weighted contributions which are confident in its corresponding class of data. We employ novel discriminative terms to apply this scheme to both training and test frameworks in our algorithm. This specific design increases the consistency of these optimization frameworks and improves the discriminative performance in the recall phase. In addition, CKSC directly employs the supervised information in its dictionary learning framework to enhance the discriminative structure of the dictionary. For empirical evaluations, we implement our CKSC algorithm on multivariate time-series benchmarks such as DynTex++ and UTKinect. Our claims regarding the superior performance of the proposed algorithm are justified throughout comparing its classification results to the state-of-the-art K-SRC algorithms. 
  Learning from human feedback is a viable alternative to control design that does not require modelling or control expertise. Particularly, learning from corrective advice garners advantages over evaluative feedback as it is a more intuitive and scalable format. The current state-of-the-art in this field, COACH, has proven to be a effective approach for confined problems. However, it parameterizes the policy with Radial Basis Function networks, which require meticulous feature space engineering for higher order systems. We introduce Gaussian Process Coach (GPC), where feature space engineering is avoided by employing Gaussian Processes. In addition, we use the available policy uncertainty to 1) inquire feedback samples of maximal utility and 2) to adapt the learning rate to the teacher's learning phase. We demonstrate that the novel algorithm outperforms the current state-of-the-art in final performance, convergence rate and robustness to erroneous feedback in OpenAI Gym continuous control benchmarks, both for simulated and real human teachers. 
  Abrupt large events in the Alfvénic and sub-Alfvénic frequency bands in tokamaks are typically correlated with increased fast ion loss. Here, machine learning is used to speed up the laborious process of characterizing the behaviour of magnetic perturbations from corresponding frequency spectrograms that are typically identified by humans. Analysis allows for comparison between different mode character (such as quiescent, fixed-frequency, chirping, avalanching) and plasma parameters obtained from the TRANSP code (such as $v_{\textrm{inj.}}/v_{\textrm{A}}$, $q$-profile, $\beta_{\textrm{inj.}}/\beta_{\textrm{A}}$). In agreement with previous work by Fredrickson \emph{et al.} [Nucl. Fusion 2014, 54 093007], we find correlation between $\beta_{\textrm{inj.}}$ and mode character. In addition, previously unknown correlations are found between moments of the spectrograms and mode character. Character transition from quiescent to non-quiescent behaviour for magnetic fluctuations in the 50 - 200 kHz frequency band is observed along the boundary $v_{\varphi} \lessapprox \frac{1}{4}(v_{\textrm{inj.}} - 3v_{\textrm{A}})$ where $v_{\textrm{inj.}}$ is the neutral beam injection velocity, $v_{\varphi}$ is the rotation velocity, and $v_{\textrm{A}}$ is the Alfvén speed. 
  This paper describes a reference architecture for self-maintaining systems that can learn continually, as data arrives. In environments where data evolves, we need architectures that manage Machine Learning (ML) models in production, adapt to shifting data distributions, cope with outliers, retrain when necessary, and adapt to new tasks. This represents continual AutoML or Automatically Adaptive Machine Learning. We describe the challenges and proposes a reference architecture. 
  The area of building energy management has received a significant amount of interest in recent years. This area is concerned with combining advancements in sensor technologies, communications and advanced control algorithms to optimize energy utilization. Reinforcement learning is one of the most prominent machine learning algorithms used for control problems and has had many successful applications in the area of building energy management. This research gives a comprehensive review of the literature relating to the application of reinforcement learning to developing autonomous building energy management systems. The main direction for future research and challenges in reinforcement learning are also outlined. 
  The numerous recent breakthroughs in machine learning (ML) make imperative to carefully ponder how the scientific community can benefit from a technology that, although not necessarily new, is today living its golden age. This review paper is focused on the present and future role of machine learning in space weather. The purpose is twofold. On one hand, we will discuss previous works that use ML for space weather forecasting, focusing in particular on the few areas that have seen most activity: the forecasting of geomagnetic indices, of relativistic electrons at geosynchronous orbits, of solar flares occurrence, of coronal mass ejection propagation time, and of solar wind speed. On the other hand, this paper serves as a gentle introduction to the field of machine learning tailored to the space weather community and as a pointer to a number of open challenges that we believe the community should undertake in the next decade. The recurring themes throughout the review are the need to shift our forecasting paradigm to a probabilistic approach focused on the reliable assessment of uncertainties, and the combination of physics-based and machine learning approaches, known as gray-box. 
  We propose a modification that corrects for split-improvement variable importance measures in Random Forests and other tree-based methods. These methods have been shown to be biased towards increasing the importance of features with more potential splits. We show that by appropriately incorporating split-improvement as measured on out of sample data, this bias can be corrected yielding better summaries and screening tools. 
  Hyperparameter tuning of multi-stage pipelines introduces a significant computational burden. Motivated by the observation that work can be reused across pipelines if the intermediate computations are the same, we propose a pipeline-aware approach to hyperparameter tuning. Our approach optimizes both the design and execution of pipelines to maximize reuse. We design pipelines amenable for reuse by (i) introducing a novel hybrid hyperparameter tuning method called gridded random search, and (ii) reducing the average training time in pipelines by adapting early-stopping hyperparameter tuning approaches. We then realize the potential for reuse during execution by introducing a novel caching problem for ML workloads which we pose as a mixed integer linear program (ILP), and subsequently evaluating various caching heuristics relative to the optimal solution of the ILP. We conduct experiments on simulated and real-world machine learning pipelines to show that a pipeline-aware approach to hyperparameter tuning can offer over an order-of-magnitude speedup over independently evaluating pipeline configurations. 
  Reservoir Computing (RC) is a popular methodology for the efficient design of Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs). Recently, the advantages of the RC approach have been extended to the context of multi-layered RNNs, with the introduction of the Deep Echo State Network (DeepESN) model. In this paper, we study the quality of state dynamics in progressively higher layers of DeepESNs, using tools from the areas of information theory and numerical analysis. Our experimental results on RC benchmark datasets reveal the fundamental role played by the strength of inter-reservoir connections to increasingly enrich the representations developed in higher layers. Our analysis also gives interesting insights into the possibility of effective exploitation of training algorithms based on stochastic gradient descent in the RC field. 
  How do we know if communication is emerging in a multi-agent system? The vast majority of recent papers on emergent communication show that adding a communication channel leads to an increase in reward or task success. This is a useful indicator, but provides only a coarse measure of the agent's learned communication abilities. As we move towards more complex environments, it becomes imperative to have a set of finer tools that allow qualitative and quantitative insights into the emergence of communication. This may be especially useful to allow humans to monitor agents' behaviour, whether for fault detection, assessing performance, or even building trust. In this paper, we examine a few intuitive existing metrics for measuring communication, and show that they can be misleading. Specifically, by training deep reinforcement learning agents to play simple matrix games augmented with a communication channel, we find a scenario where agents appear to communicate (their messages provide information about their subsequent action), and yet the messages do not impact the environment or other agent in any way. We explain this phenomenon using ablation studies and by visualizing the representations of the learned policies. We also survey some commonly used metrics for measuring emergent communication, and provide recommendations as to when these metrics should be used. 
  Recent advances in machine learning, especially techniques such as deep neural networks, are promoting a range of high-stakes applications, including autonomous driving, which often relies on deep learning for perception. While deep learning for perception has been shown to be vulnerable to a host of subtle adversarial manipulations of images, end-to-end demonstrations of successful attacks, which manipulate the physical environment and result in physical consequences, are scarce. Moreover, attacks typically involve carefully constructed adversarial examples at the level of pixels. We demonstrate the first end-to-end attacks on autonomous driving in simulation, using simple physically realizable attacks: the painting of black lines on the road. These attacks target deep neural network models for end-to-end autonomous driving control. A systematic investigation shows that such attacks are surprisingly easy to engineer, and we describe scenarios (e.g., right turns) in which they are highly effective, and others that are less vulnerable (e.g., driving straight). Further, we use network deconvolution to demonstrate that the attacks succeed by inducing activation patterns similar to entirely different scenarios used in training. 
  Consider a general machine learning setting where the output is a set of labels or sequences. This output set is unordered and its size varies with the input. Whereas multi-label classification methods seem a natural first resort, they are not readily applicable to set-valued outputs because of the growth rate of the output space; and because conventional sequence generation doesn't reflect sets' order-free nature. In this paper, we propose a unified framework--sequential set generation (SSG)--that can handle output sets of labels and sequences. SSG is a meta-algorithm that leverages any probabilistic learning method for label or sequence prediction, but employs a proper regularization such that a new label or sequence is generated repeatedly until the full set is produced. Though SSG is sequential in nature, it does not penalize the ordering of the appearance of the set elements and can be applied to a variety of set output problems, such as a set of classification labels or sequences. We perform experiments with both benchmark and synthetic data sets and demonstrate SSG's strong performance over baseline methods. 
  In this work, inspired in the symbolic dynamic of chaotic systems and using machine learning techniques, a control strategy for complex systems is designed. Unlike the usual methodologies based on modeling, where the control signal is obtained from an approximation of the dynamic rule, here the strategy rest upon an approach of a function, that from the current state of the system, give the necessary perturbation to bring the system closer to a homoclinic orbit that naturally goes to the target. The proposed methodology is data-driven or can be developed in a based-model context and is illustrated with computer simulations of chaotic systems given by discrete maps, ordinary differential equations and coupled maps networks. Results shows the usefulness of the design of control techniques based on machine learning and numerical approach of homoclinic orbits. 
  Humans easily recognize object parts and their hierarchical structure by watching how they move; they can then predict how each part moves in the future. In this paper, we propose a novel formulation that simultaneously learns a hierarchical, disentangled object representation and a dynamics model for object parts from unlabeled videos. Our Parts, Structure, and Dynamics (PSD) model learns to, first, recognize the object parts via a layered image representation; second, predict hierarchy via a structural descriptor that composes low-level concepts into a hierarchical structure; and third, model the system dynamics by predicting the future. Experiments on multiple real and synthetic datasets demonstrate that our PSD model works well on all three tasks: segmenting object parts, building their hierarchical structure, and capturing their motion distributions. 
  Reducing communication overhead is a big challenge for large-scale distributed training. To address this issue, we present a hierarchical averaging stochastic gradient descent (Hier-AVG) algorithm that reduces global reductions (averaging) by employing less costly local reductions. As a very general type of parallel SGD, Hier-AVG can reproduce several commonly adopted synchronous parallel SGD variants by adjusting its parameters. We establish standard convergence results of Hier-AVG for non-convex smooth optimization problems. Under the non-asymptotic scenario, we show that Hier-AVG with less frequent global averaging can sometimes have faster training speed. In addition, we show that more frequent local averaging with more participants involved can lead to faster training convergence. By comparing Hier-AVG with another distributed training algorithm K-AVG, we show that through deploying local averaging with less global averaging Hier-AVG can still achieve comparable training speed while constantly get better test accuracy. As a result, local averaging can serve as an alternative remedy to effectively reduce communication overhead when the number of learners is large. We test Hier-AVG with several state-of-the-art deep neural nets on CIFAR-10 to validate our analysis. Further experiments to compare Hier-AVG with K-AVG on ImageNet-1K also show Hier-AVG's superiority over K-AVG. 
  One of the most important properties of a galaxy is the total stellar mass, or equivalently the stellar mass-to-light ratio (M/L). It is not directly observable, but can be estimated from stellar population synthesis. Currently, a galaxy's M/L is typically estimated from global fluxes. For example, a single global g - i colour correlates well with the stellar M/L. Spectral energy distribution (SED) fitting can make use of all available fluxes and their errors to make a Bayesian estimate of the M/L. We want to investigate the possibility of using morphology information to assist predictions of M/L. Our first goal is to develop and train a method that only requires a g-band image and redshift as input. This will allows us to study the correlation between M/L and morphology. Next, we can also include the i-band flux, and determine if morphology provides additional constraints compared to a method that only uses g- and i-band fluxes. We used a machine learning pipeline that can be split in two steps. First, we detected morphology features with a convolutional neural network. These are then combined with redshift, pixel size and g-band luminosity features in a gradient boosting machine. Our training target was the M/L acquired from the GALEX-SDSS-WISE Legacy Catalog, which uses global SED fitting and contains galaxies with z ~ 0.1. Morphology is a useful attribute when no colour information is available, but can not outperform colour methods on its own. When we combine the morphology features with global g- and i-band luminosities, we find an improved estimate compared to a model which does not make use of morphology. While our method was trained to reproduce global SED fitted M/L, galaxy morphology gives us an important additional constraint when using one or two bands. Our framework can be extended to other problems to make use of morphological information. 
  In complex processes, various events can happen in different sequences. The prediction of the next event activity given an a-priori process state is of importance in such processes. Recent methods leverage deep learning techniques such as recurrent neural networks to predict event activities from raw process logs. However, deep learning techniques cannot efficiently model logical behaviors of complex processes. In this paper, we take advantage of Petri nets as a powerful tool in modeling logical behaviors of complex processes. We propose an approach which first discovers Petri nets from event logs utilizing a recent process mining algorithm. In a second step, we enhance the obtained model with time decay functions to create timed process state samples. Finally, we use these samples in combination with token movement counters and Petri net markings to train a deep learning model that predicts the next event activity. We demonstrate significant performance improvements and outperform the state-of-the-art methods on eight out of nine real-world benchmark event logs in accuracy. 
  Classical dimension reduction problem can be loosely formulated as a problem of finding a $k$-dimensional affine subspace of ${\mathbb R}^n$ onto which data points ${\mathbf x}_1,\cdots, {\mathbf x}_N$ can be projected without loss of valuable information. We reformulate this problem in the language of tempered distributions, i.e. as a problem of approximating an empirical probability density function $p_{\rm{emp}}({\mathbf x}) = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=1}^N \delta^n (\bold{x} - \bold{x}_i)$, where $\delta^n$ is an $n$-dimensional Dirac delta function, by another tempered distribution $q({\mathbf x})$ whose density is supported in some $k$-dimensional subspace. Thus, our problem is reduced to the minimization of a certain loss function $I(q)$ measuring the distance from $q$ to $p_{\rm{emp}}$ over a pertinent set of generalized functions, denoted $\mathcal{G}_k$. 
  This thesis demonstrate the efficacy of designing and developing machine learning (ML) algorithms to selected use cases that encompass many of the outstanding challenges in the field of experimental high energy physics. Although simple implementations of neural networks and boosted decision trees have been used in high energy physics for a long time, the field of ML has quickly evolved by devising more complex, fast and stable implementations of learning algorithms. The complexity and power of state-of-the-art deep learning far exceeds those of the learning algorithms implemented in the CERN-developed \texttt{ROOT} library. All aspects of experimental high energy physics have been and will continue being revolutionized by the software- and hardware-based technological advances spearheaded by both academic and industrial research in other technical disciplines, and the emergent trend of increased interdisciplinarity will soon reframe many scientific domains. This thesis exemplifies this spirit of versatility and multidisciplinarity by bridging the gap between ML and particle physics, and exploring original lines of work to modernize the reconstruction, particle identification, simulation, and analysis workflows. This contribution documents a collection of novel approaches to augment traditional domain-specific methods with modern, automated techniques based on industry-standard, open-source libraries. Specifically, it contributes to setting the state-of-the-art for impact parameter-based flavor tagging and di-Higgs searches in the $\gamma \gamma b\bar{b} $ channel with the ATLAS detector at the LHC, it introduces and lays the foundations for the use of generative adversarial networks for the simulation of particle showers in calorimeters. These results substantiate the notion of ML powering particle physics in the upcoming years and establish baselines for future applications. 
  Echo State Networks (ESNs) are recurrent neural networks that only train their output layer, thereby precluding the need to backpropagate gradients through time, which leads to significant computational gains. Nevertheless, a common issue in ESNs is determining its hyperparameters, which are crucial in instantiating a well performing reservoir, but are often set manually or using heuristics. In this work we optimize the ESN hyperparameters using Bayesian optimization which, given a limited budget of function evaluations, outperforms a grid search strategy. In the context of large volumes of time series data, such as light curves in the field of astronomy, we can further reduce the optimization cost of ESNs. In particular, we wish to avoid tuning hyperparameters per individual time series as this is costly; instead, we want to find ESNs with hyperparameters that perform well not just on individual time series but rather on groups of similar time series without sacrificing predictive performance significantly. This naturally leads to a notion of clusters, where each cluster is represented by an ESN tuned to model a group of time series of similar temporal behavior. We demonstrate this approach both on synthetic datasets and real world light curves from the MACHO survey. We show that our approach results in a significant reduction in the number of ESN models required to model a whole dataset, while retaining predictive performance for the series in each cluster. 
  Optimizing storage assignment is a central problem in warehousing. Past literature has shown the superiority of the Duration-of-Stay (DoS) method in assigning pallets, but the methodology requires perfect prior knowledge of DoS for each pallet, which is unknown and uncertain under realistic conditions. In this paper, we introduce a new framework that accounts for such uncertainty using a novel combination of convolutional and recurrent neural network models, ParallelNet. Through collaboration with a large cold storage company, we demonstrate ParallelNet achieves a 10% decrease in MSLE and 29% decrease in MAPE compared to CNN-LSTM on unseen future shipments, and suffers less performance decay as time increases. The framework is then integrated into a first-of-its-kind Storage Assignment system, which is being piloted in warehouses across the country. 
  Robust clustering of high-dimensional data is an important topic because, in many practical situations, real data sets are heavy-tailed and/or asymmetric. Moreover, traditional model-based clustering often fails for high dimensional data due to the number of free covariance parameters. A parametrization of the component scale matrices for the mixture of generalized hyperbolic distributions is proposed by including a penalty term in the likelihood constraining the parameters resulting in a flexible model for high dimensional data and a meaningful interpretation. An analytically feasible EM algorithm is developed by placing a gamma-Lasso penalty constraining the concentration matrix. The proposed methodology is investigated through simulation studies and two real data sets. 
  In this paper we present a method to generate compact geometric track-maps for train-borne localization applications. We first give a brief overview on the role of track maps and it becomes apparent that there are hardly any adequate methods to generate suitable geometric track-maps. Therefore, we present a novel map generation procedure that uses an optimization formulation to find the continuous sequence of track geometries that fits the available measurement data best. The optimization is initialized with the results from a localization filter developed in our previous work. The filter also provides the required information for shape identification and measurement association. The approach will be evaluated using simulated data in comparison to the typically used data-point based maps. 
  Variable selection is one of the most important tasks in statistics and machine learning. To incorporate more prior information about the regression coefficients, the constrained Lasso model has been proposed in the literature. In this paper, we present an inexact augmented Lagrangian method to solve the Lasso problem with linear equality constraints. By fully exploiting second-order sparsity of the problem, we are able to greatly reduce the computational cost and obtain highly efficient implementations. Furthermore, numerical results on both synthetic data and real data show that our algorithm is superior to existing first-order methods in terms of both running time and solution accuracy. 
  We review recent observations on the dynamical systems induced by gradient descent methods used for training deep networks and summarize properties of the solutions they converge to. Recent results illuminate the absence of overfitting in the special case of linear networks for binary classification. They prove that minimization of loss functions such as the logistic, the cross-entropy and the exponential loss yields asymptotic convergence to the maximum margin solution for linearly separable datasets, independently of the initial conditions. Here we discuss the case of nonlinear DNNs near zero minima of the empirical loss, under exponential-type and square losses, for several variations of the basic gradient descent algorithm, including a new NMGD (norm minimizing gradient descent) version that converges to the minimum norm fixed points of the gradient descent iteration. Our main results are: 1) gradient descent algorithms with weight normalization constraint achieve generalization; 2) the fundamental reason for the effectiveness of existing weight normalization and batch normalization techniques is that they are approximate implementations of maximizing the margin under unit norm constraint; 3) without unit norm constraints some level of generalization can still be obtained for not-too-deep networks because the balance of the weights across different layers, if present at initialization, is maintained by the gradient flow. In the perspective of these theoretical results, we discuss experimental evidence around the apparent absence of overfitting, that is the observation that the expected classification error does not get worse when increasing the number of parameters. Our explanation focuses on the implicit normalization enforced by algorithms such as batch normalization. In particular, the control of the norm of the weights is related to Halpern iterations for minimum norm solutions. 
  We propose a data-driven approach for deep convolutional neural network compression that achieves high accuracy with high throughput and low memory requirements. Current network compression methods either find a low-rank factorization of the features that requires more memory, or select only a subset of features by pruning entire filter channels. We propose the Cascaded Projection (CaP) compression method that projects the output and input filter channels of successive layers to a unified low dimensional space based on a low-rank projection. We optimize the projection to minimize classification loss and the difference between the next layer's features in the compressed and uncompressed networks. To solve this non-convex optimization problem we propose a new optimization method of a proxy matrix using backpropagation and Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) with geometric constraints. Our cascaded projection approach leads to improvements in all critical areas of network compression: high accuracy, low memory consumption, low parameter count and high processing speed. The proposed CaP method demonstrates state-of-the-art results compressing VGG16 and ResNet networks with over 4x reduction in the number of computations and excellent performance in top-5 accuracy on the ImageNet dataset before and after fine-tuning. 
  Recently, the growth of deep learning has produced a large number of deep neural networks. How to describe these networks unifiedly is becoming an important issue. We first formalize neural networks in a mathematical definition, give their directed graph representations, and prove a generation theorem about the induced networks of connected directed acyclic graphs. Then, using the concept of capsule to extend neural networks, we set up a capsule-unified framework for deep learning, including a mathematical definition of capsules, an induced model for capsule networks and a universal backpropagation algorithm for training them. Finally, we discuss potential applications of the framework to graphical programming with standard graphical symbols of capsules, neurons, and connections. 
  Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) has been applied to address a variety of cooperative multi-agent problems with either discrete action spaces or continuous action spaces. However, to the best of our knowledge, no previous work has ever succeeded in applying DRL to multi-agent problems with discrete-continuous hybrid (or parameterized) action spaces which is very common in practice. Our work fills this gap by proposing two novel algorithms: Deep Multi-Agent Parameterized Q-Networks (Deep MAPQN) and Deep Multi-Agent Hierarchical Hybrid Q-Networks (Deep MAHHQN). We follow the centralized training but decentralized execution paradigm: different levels of communication between different agents are used to facilitate the training process, while each agent executes its policy independently based on local observations during execution. Our empirical results on several challenging tasks (simulated RoboCup Soccer and game Ghost Story) show that both Deep MAPQN and Deep MAHHQN are effective and significantly outperform existing independent deep parameterized Q-learning method. 
  In coal-fired power plants, it is critical to improve the operational efficiency of boilers for sustainability. In this work, we formulate real-time boiler control as an optimization problem that looks for the best distribution of temperature in different zones and oxygen content from the flue to improve the boiler's stability and energy efficiency. We employ an efficient algorithm by integrating appropriate machine learning and optimization techniques. We obtain a large dataset collected from a real boiler for more than two months from our industry partner, and conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed algorithm. 
  Autoregressive generative models of images tend to be biased towards capturing local structure, and as a result they often produce samples which are lacking in terms of large-scale coherence. To address this, we propose two methods to learn discrete representations of images which abstract away local detail. We show that autoregressive models conditioned on these representations can produce high-fidelity reconstructions of images, and that we can train autoregressive priors on these representations that produce samples with large-scale coherence. We can recursively apply the learning procedure, yielding a hierarchy of progressively more abstract image representations. We train hierarchical class-conditional autoregressive models on the ImageNet dataset and demonstrate that they are able to generate realistic images at resolutions of 128$\times$128 and 256$\times$256 pixels. 
  Mental simulation is a critical cognitive function for goal-directed behavior because it is essential for assessing actions and their consequences. When a self-generated or externally specified goal is given, a sequence of actions that is most likely to attain that goal is selected among other candidates via mental simulation. Therefore, better mental simulation leads to better goal-directed action planning. However, developing a mental simulation model is challenging because it requires knowledge of self and the environment. The current paper studies how adequate goal-directed action plans of robots can be mentally generated by dynamically organizing top-down visual attention and visual working memory. For this purpose, we propose a neural network model based on variational Bayes predictive coding, where goal-directed action planning is formulated by Bayesian inference of latent intentional space. Our experimental results showed that cognitively meaningful competencies, such as autonomous top-down attention to the robot end effector (its hand) as well as dynamic organization of occlusion-free visual working memory, emerged. Furthermore, our analysis of comparative experiments indicated that introduction of visual working memory and the inference mechanism using variational Bayes predictive coding significantly improve the performance in planning adequate goal-directed actions. 
  Single Molecule Real-Time (SMRT) sequencing is a recent advancement of Next Gen technology developed by Pacific Bio (PacBio). It comes with an explosion of long and noisy reads demanding cutting edge research to get most out of it. To deal with the high error probability of SMRT data, a novel contextual Locality Sensitive Hashing (conLSH) based algorithm is proposed in this article, which can effectively align the noisy SMRT reads to the reference genome. Here, sequences are hashed together based not only on their closeness, but also on similarity of context. The algorithm has $\mathcal{O}(n^{\rho+1})$ space requirement, where $n$ is the number of sequences in the corpus and $\rho$ is a constant. The indexing time and querying time are bounded by $\mathcal{O}( \frac{n^{\rho+1} \cdot \ln n}{\ln \frac{1}{P_2}})$ and $\mathcal{O}(n^\rho)$ respectively, where $P_2 > 0$, is a probability value. This algorithm is particularly useful for retrieving similar sequences, a widely used task in biology. The proposed conLSH based aligner is compared with rHAT, popularly used for aligning SMRT reads, and is found to comprehensively beat it in speed as well as in memory requirements. In particular, it takes approximately $24.2\%$ less processing time, while saving about $70.3\%$ in peak memory requirement for H.sapiens PacBio dataset. 
  This paper combines data-driven and model-driven methods for real-time misinformation detection. Our algorithm, named QuickStop, is an optimal stopping algorithm based on a probabilistic information spreading model obtained from labeled data. The algorithm consists of an offline machine learning algorithm for learning the probabilistic information spreading model and an online optimal stopping algorithm to detect misinformation. The online detection algorithm has both low computational and memory complexities. Our numerical evaluations with a real-world dataset show that QuickStop outperforms existing misinformation detection algorithms in terms of both accuracy and detection time (number of observations needed for detection). Our evaluations with synthetic data further show that QuickStop is robust to (offline) learning errors. 
  Social network and publishing platforms, such as Twitter, support the concept of a secret proprietary verification process, for handles they deem worthy of platform-wide public interest. In line with significant prior work which suggests that possessing such a status symbolizes enhanced credibility in the eyes of the platform audience, a verified badge is clearly coveted among public figures and brands. What are less obvious are the inner workings of the verification process and what being verified represents. This lack of clarity, coupled with the flak that Twitter received by extending aforementioned status to political extremists in 2017, backed Twitter into publicly admitting that the process and what the status represented needed to be rethought. 
  Historical text normalization often relies on small training datasets. Recent work has shown that multi-task learning can sometimes lead to significant improvements by exploiting synergies with related datasets, but there has been no systematic study of multi-task learning strategies across different datasets from different languages. This paper evaluates 63 multi-task learning strategies for sequence-to-sequence-based historical text normalization across ten datasets from eight languages, using autoencoding, grapheme-to-phoneme mapping, and lemmatization as auxiliary tasks. We observe consistent, significant improvements across languages when training data for the target task is limited, but minimal or no improvements when training data is abundant. Finally, we show that zero-shot learning outperforms the simple, but relatively strong, identity baseline. 
  Unsupervised domain adaptation aiming to learn a specific task for one domain using another domain data has emerged to address the labeling issue in supervised learning, especially because it is difficult to obtain massive amounts of labeled data in practice. The existing methods have succeeded by reducing the difference between the embedded features of both domains, but the performance is still unsatisfactory compared to the supervised learning scheme. This is attributable to the embedded features that lay around each other but do not align perfectly and establish clearly separable clusters. We propose a novel domain adaptation method based on label propagation and cycle consistency to let the clusters of the features from the two domains overlap exactly and become clear for high accuracy. Specifically, we introduce cycle consistency to enforce the relationship between each cluster and exploit label propagation to achieve the association between the data from the perspective of the manifold structure instead of a one-to-one relation. Hence, we successfully formed aligned and discriminative clusters. We present the empirical results of our method for various domain adaptation scenarios and visualize the embedded features to prove that our method is critical for better domain adaptation. 
  In the last five years, the financial industry has been impacted by the emergence of digitalization and machine learning. In this article, we explore two methods that have undergone rapid development in recent years: Gaussian processes and Bayesian optimization. Gaussian processes can be seen as a generalization of Gaussian random vectors and are associated with the development of kernel methods. Bayesian optimization is an approach for performing derivative-free global optimization in a small dimension, and uses Gaussian processes to locate the global maximum of a black-box function. The first part of the article reviews these two tools and shows how they are connected. In particular, we focus on the Gaussian process regression, which is the core of Bayesian machine learning, and the issue of hyperparameter selection. The second part is dedicated to two financial applications. We first consider the modeling of the term structure of interest rates. More precisely, we test the fitting method and compare the GP prediction and the random walk model. The second application is the construction of trend-following strategies, in particular the online estimation of trend and covariance windows. 
  Testing for conditional independence is a core aspect of constraint-based causal discovery. Although commonly used tests are perfect in theory, they often fail to reject independence in practice, especially when conditioning on multiple variables. 
  The 5th edition of the International Conference on Cloud and Robotics (ICCR 2018 - 
  In the last few years there has been a growing interest in Human Activity Recognition~(HAR) topic. Sensor-based HAR approaches, in particular, has been gaining more popularity owing to their privacy preserving nature. Furthermore, due to the widespread accessibility of the internet, a broad range of streaming-based applications such as online HAR, has emerged over the past decades. However, proposing sufficiently robust online activity recognition approach in smart environment setting is still considered as a remarkable challenge. This paper presents a novel online application of Hierarchical Hidden Markov Model in order to detect the current activity on the live streaming of sensor events. Our method consists of two phases. In the first phase, data stream is segmented based on the beginning and ending of the activity patterns. Also, on-going activity is reported with every receiving observation. This phase is implemented using Hierarchical Hidden Markov models. The second phase is devoted to the correction of the provided label for the segmented data stream based on statistical features. The proposed model can also discover the activities that happen during another activity - so-called interrupted activities. After detecting the activity pane, the predicted label will be corrected utilizing statistical features such as time of day at which the activity happened and the duration of the activity. We validated our proposed method by testing it against two different smart home datasets and demonstrated its effectiveness, which is competing with the state-of-the-art methods. 
  A core problem in statistics and probabilistic machine learning is to compute probability distributions and expectations. This is the fundamental problem of Bayesian statistics and machine learning, which frames all inference as expectations with respect to the posterior distribution. The key challenge is to approximate these intractable expectations. In this tutorial, we review sequential Monte Carlo (SMC), a random-sampling-based class of methods for approximate inference. First, we explain the basics of SMC, discuss practical issues, and review theoretical results. We then examine two of the main user design choices: the proposal distributions and the so called intermediate target distributions. We review recent results on how variational inference and amortization can be used to learn efficient proposals and target distributions. Next, we discuss the SMC estimate of the normalizing constant, how this can be used for pseudo-marginal inference and inference evaluation. Throughout the tutorial we illustrate the use of SMC on various models commonly used in machine learning, such as stochastic recurrent neural networks, probabilistic graphical models, and probabilistic programs. 
  This paper proposes a method to use deep neural networks as end-to-end open-set classifiers. It is based on intra-class data splitting. In open-set recognition, only samples from a limited number of known classes are available for training. During inference, an open-set classifier must reject samples from unknown classes while correctly classifying samples from known classes. The proposed method splits given data into typical and atypical normal subsets by using a closed-set classifier. This enables to model the abnormal classes by atypical normal samples. Accordingly, the open-set recognition problem is reformulated into a traditional classification problem. In addition, a closed-set regularization is proposed to guarantee a high closed-set classification performance. Intensive experiments on five well-known image datasets showed the effectiveness of the proposed method which outperformed the baselines and achieved a distinct improvement over the state-of-the-art methods. 
  Machine learning is advancing towards a data-science approach, implying a necessity to a line of investigation to divulge the knowledge learnt by deep neuronal networks. Limiting the comparison among networks merely to a predefined intelligent ability, according to ground truth, does not suffice, it should be associated with innate similarity of these artificial entities. Here, we analysed multiple instances of an identical architecture trained to classify objects in static images (CIFAR and ImageNet data sets). We evaluated the performance of the networks under various distortions and compared it to the intrinsic similarity between their constituent kernels. While we expected a close correspondence between these two measures, we observed a puzzling phenomenon. Pairs of networks whose kernels' weights are over 99.9% correlated can exhibit significantly different performances, yet other pairs with no correlation can reach quite compatible levels of performance. We show implications of this for transfer learning, and argue its importance in our general understanding of what intelligence is, whether natural or artificial. 
  This paper introduces SmartEDA, which is an R package for performing Exploratory data analysis (EDA). EDA is generally the first step that one needs to perform before developing any machine learning or statistical models. The goal of EDA is to help someone perform the initial investigation to know more about the data via descriptive statistics and visualizations. In other words, the objective of EDA is to summarize and explore the data. The need for EDA became one of the factors that led to the development of various statistical computing packages over the years including the R programming language that is a very popular and currently the most widely used software for statistical computing. However, EDA is a very tedious task, requires some manual effort and some of the open source packages available in R are not just upto the mark. In this paper, we propose a new open source package i.e. SmartEDA for R to address the need for automation of exploratory data analysis. We discuss the various features of SmartEDA and illustrate some of its applications for generating actionable insights using a couple of real-world datasets. We also perform a comparative study of SmartEDA with respect to other packages available for exploratory data analysis in the Comprehensive R Archive Network (CRAN). 
  The recently prevalent tensor train (TT) and tensor ring (TR) decompositions can be graphically interpreted as (locally) linear interconnected latent factors and possess exponential decay of correlation. The projected entangled pair state (PEPS, also called two-dimensional TT) extends the spatial dimension of TT and its polycyclic structure can be considered as a square grid. Compared with TT, its algebraic decay of correlation means the enhancement of interaction between tensor modes. In this paper we adopt the PEPS and develop a tensor grid (TG) decomposition with its efficient realization termed splitting singular value decomposition (SSVD). By utilizing the alternating least squares (ALS) a method called TG-ALS is used to interpolate the missing entries of a tensor from its partial observations. Different kinds of data are used in the experiments, including synthetic data, color images and real-world videos. Experimental results demonstrate that the TG has much power of representation than TT and TR. 
  Recent improvements in generative adversarial network (GAN) training techniques prove that progressively training a GAN drastically stabilizes the training and improves the quality of outputs produced. Adding layers after the previous ones have converged has proven to help in better overall convergence and stability of the model as well as reducing the training time by a sufficient amount. Thus we use this training technique to train the model progressively in the time and pitch domain i.e. starting from a very small time value and pitch range we gradually expand the matrix sizes until the end result is a completely trained model giving outputs having tensor sizes [4 (bar) x 96 (time steps) x 84 (pitch values) x 8 (tracks)]. As proven in previously proposed models deterministic binary neurons also help in improving the results. Thus we make use of a layer of deterministic binary neurons at the end of the generator to get binary valued outputs instead of fractional values existing between 0 and 1. 
  Feature engineering is one of the most costly aspects of developing effective machine learning models, and that cost is even greater in specialized problem domains, like malware classification, where expert skills are necessary to identify useful features. Recent work, however, has shown that deep learning models can be used to automatically learn feature representations directly from the raw, unstructured bytes of the binaries themselves. In this paper, we explore what these models are learning about malware. To do so, we examine the learned features at multiple levels of resolution, from individual byte embeddings to end-to-end analysis of the model. At each step, we connect these byte-oriented activations to their original semantics through parsing and disassembly of the binary to arrive at human-understandable features. Through our results, we identify several interesting features learned by the model and their connection to manually-derived features typically used by traditional machine learning models. Additionally, we explore the impact of training data volume and regularization on the quality of the learned features and the efficacy of the classifiers, revealing the somewhat paradoxical insight that better generalization does not necessarily result in better performance for byte-based malware classifiers. 
  Interest in larger-context neural machine translation, including document-level and multi-modal translation, has been growing. Multiple works have proposed new network architectures or evaluation schemes, but potentially helpful context is still sometimes ignored by larger-context translation models. In this paper, we propose a novel learning algorithm that explicitly encourages a neural translation model to take into account additional context using a multilevel pair-wise ranking loss. We evaluate the proposed learning algorithm with a transformer-based larger-context translation system on document-level translation. By comparing performance using actual and random contexts, we show that a model trained with the proposed algorithm is more sensitive to the additional context. 
  We apply recent advances in deep generative modeling to the task of imitation learning from biological agents. Specifically, we apply variations of the variational recurrent neural network model to a multi-agent setting where we learn policies of individual uncoordinated agents acting based on their perceptual inputs and their hidden belief state. We learn stochastic policies for these agents directly from observational data, without constructing a reward function. An inference network learned jointly with the policy allows for efficient inference over the agent's belief state given a sequence of its current perceptual inputs and the prior actions it performed, which lets us extrapolate observed sequences of behavior into the future while maintaining uncertainty estimates over future trajectories. We test our approach on a dataset of flies interacting in a 2D environment, where we demonstrate better predictive performance than existing approaches which learn deterministic policies with recurrent neural networks. We further show that the uncertainty estimates over future trajectories we obtain are well calibrated, which makes them useful for a variety of downstream processing tasks. 
  Medical imaging is an essential tool in many areas of medical applications, used for both diagnosis and treatment. However, reading medical images and making diagnosis or treatment recommendations require specially trained medical specialists. The current practice of reading medical images is labor-intensive, time-consuming, costly, and error-prone. It would be more desirable to have a computer-aided system that can automatically make diagnosis and treatment recommendations. Recent advances in deep learning enable us to rethink the ways of clinician diagnosis based on medical images. In this thesis, we will introduce 1) mammograms for detecting breast cancers, the most frequently diagnosed solid cancer for U.S. women, 2) lung CT images for detecting lung cancers, the most frequently diagnosed malignant cancer, and 3) head and neck CT images for automated delineation of organs at risk in radiotherapy. First, we will show how to employ the adversarial concept to generate the hard examples improving mammogram mass segmentation. Second, we will demonstrate how to use the weakly labeled data for the mammogram breast cancer diagnosis by efficiently design deep learning for multi-instance learning. Third, the thesis will walk through DeepLung system which combines deep 3D ConvNets and GBM for automated lung nodule detection and classification. Fourth, we will show how to use weakly labeled data to improve existing lung nodule detection system by integrating deep learning with a probabilistic graphic model. Lastly, we will demonstrate the AnatomyNet which is thousands of times faster and more accurate than previous methods on automated anatomy segmentation. 
  Bayesian optimization is popular for optimizing time-consuming black-box objectives. Nonetheless, for hyperparameter tuning in deep neural networks, the time required to evaluate the validation error for even a few hyperparameter settings remains a bottleneck. Multi-fidelity optimization promises relief using cheaper proxies to such objectives --- for example, validation error for a network trained using a subset of the training points or fewer iterations than required for convergence. We propose a highly flexible and practical approach to multi-fidelity Bayesian optimization, focused on efficiently optimizing hyperparameters for iteratively trained supervised learning models. We introduce a new acquisition function, the trace-aware knowledge-gradient, which efficiently leverages both multiple continuous fidelity controls and trace observations --- values of the objective at a sequence of fidelities, available when varying fidelity using training iterations. We provide a provably convergent method for optimizing our acquisition function and show it outperforms state-of-the-art alternatives for hyperparameter tuning of deep neural networks and large-scale kernel learning. 
  We present a deep reinforcement learning framework where a machine agent is trained to search for a policy to generate a ground state for the square ice model by exploring the physical environment. After training, the agent is capable of proposing a sequence of local moves to achieve the goal. Analysis of the trained policy and the state value function indicates that the ice rule and loop-closing condition are learned without prior knowledge. We test the trained policy as a sampler in the Markov chain Monte Carlo and benchmark against the baseline loop algorithm. This framework can be generalized to other models with topological constraints where generation of constraint-preserving states is difficult. 
  The world we see is ever-changing and it always changes with people, things, and the environment. Domain is referred to as the state of the world at a certain moment. A research problem is characterized as domain transfer adaptation when it needs knowledge correspondence between different moments. Conventional machine learning aims to find a model with the minimum expected risk on test data by minimizing the regularized empirical risk on the training data, which, however, supposes that the training and test data share similar joint probability distribution. Transfer adaptation learning aims to build models that can perform tasks of target domain by learning knowledge from a semantic related but distribution different source domain. It is an energetic research filed of increasing influence and importance. This paper surveys the recent advances in transfer adaptation learning methodology and potential benchmarks. Broader challenges being faced by transfer adaptation learning researchers are identified, i.e., instance re-weighting adaptation, feature adaptation, classifier adaptation, deep network adaptation, and adversarial adaptation, which are beyond the early semi-supervised and unsupervised split. The survey provides researchers a framework for better understanding and identifying the research status, challenges and future directions of the field. 
  Transportation networks are unprecedentedly complex with heterogeneous vehicular flow. Conventionally, vehicle classes are considered by vehicle classifications (such as standard passenger cars and trucks). However, vehicle flow heterogeneity stems from many other aspects in general, e.g., ride-sourcing vehicles versus personal vehicles, human driven vehicles versus connected and automated vehicles. Provided with some observations of vehicular flow for each class in a large-scale transportation network, how to estimate the multi-class spatio-temporal vehicular flow, in terms of time-varying Origin-Destination (OD) demand and path/link flow, remains a big challenge. This paper presents a solution framework for multi-class dynamic OD demand estimation (MCDODE) in large-scale networks. The proposed framework is built on a computational graph with tensor representations of spatio-temporal flow and all intermediate features involved in the MCDODE formulation. A forward-backward algorithm is proposed to efficiently solve the MCDODE formulation on computational graphs. In addition, we propose a novel concept of tree-based cumulative curves to estimate the gradient of OD demand. A Growing Tree algorithm is developed to construct tree-based cumulative curves. The proposed framework is examined on a small network as well as a real-world large-scale network. The experiment results indicate that the proposed framework is compelling, satisfactory and computationally plausible. 
  With the globalization of the semiconductor manufacturing process, electronic devices are powerless against malicious modification of hardware in the supply chain. The ever-increasing threat of hardware Trojan attacks against integrated circuits has spurred a need for accurate and efficient detection methods. Ring oscillator network (RON) is used to detect the Trojan by capturing the difference in power consumption; the power consumption of a Trojan-free circuit is different from the Trojan-inserted circuit. However, the process variation and measurement noise are the major obstacles to detect hardware Trojan with high accuracy. In this paper, we quantitatively compare four supervised machine learning algorithms and classifier optimization strategies for maximizing accuracy and minimizing the false positive rate (FPR). These supervised learning techniques show an improved false positive rate compared to principal component analysis (PCA) and convex hull classification by nearly 40% while maintaining > 90\% binary classification accuracy. 
  Features in machine learning problems are often time varying and may be related to outputs in an algebraic or dynamical manner. The dynamic nature of these machine learning problems renders current accelerated gradient descent methods unstable or weakens their convergence guarantees. This paper proposes algorithms for the case when time varying features are present, and demonstrates provable performance guarantees. We develop a variational perspective within a continuous time algorithm. This variational perspective includes, among other things, higher-order learning concepts and normalization, both of which stem from adaptive control, and allows stability to be established for dynamical machine learning problems. These higher-order algorithms are also examined for achieving accelerated learning in adaptive control. Simulations are provided to verify the theoretical results. 
  In this work, a deep learning-based method for log-likelihood ratio (LLR) lossy compression and quantization is proposed, with emphasis on a single-input single-output uncorrelated fading communication setting. A deep autoencoder network is trained to compress, quantize and reconstruct the bit log-likelihood ratios corresponding to a single transmitted symbol. Specifically, the encoder maps to a latent space with dimension equal to the number of sufficient statistics required to recover the inputs - equal to three in this case - while the decoder aims to reconstruct a noisy version of the latent representation with the purpose of modeling quantization effects in a differentiable way. Simulation results show that, when applied to a standard rate-1/2 low-density parity-check (LDPC) code, a finite precision compression factor of nearly three times is achieved when storing an entire codeword, with an incurred loss of performance lower than 0.1 dB compared to straightforward scalar quantization of the log-likelihood ratios. 
  Branching in vascular networks and in overall organismic form is one of the most common and ancient features of multicellular plants, fungi and animals. These networks deliver resources and eliminate wastes from early development onward, and even play a vital role in the growth, prognosis, and treatment of tumors and stroke recovery. Because of these basic and applied reasons there is immense interest in identifying key features of vascular branching and their connection to biological function. Here we classify diverse branching networks-mouse lung, human head and torso, angiosperm plants, and gymnosperm plants-by harnessing recent advances in medical imaging, algorithms and software for extracting vascular data, theory for resource-distribution networks, and machine-learning. Specifically, we apply standard machine-learning techniques to a variety of feature spaces. Our results show that our theoretically-informed feature spaces-especially those that determine blood flow rate-combined with Kernel Density Estimation are best at distinguishing networks. Our categorization of networks enhances the mapping between biologic function-such as the dependence of metabolic rate on body mass-to vascular branching traits among organisms and organs. We accomplish this by analyzing how variation in metabolic scaling exponents-around the canonical value of 3/4-arises despite differences in vascular traits. Our results reveal how network categorization and variation in metabolic scaling are both heavily determined by scaling ratios of vessel radii-changes and asymmetries across branching generations-that strongly constrain rates of fluid flow. These linkages will improve understanding of evolutionary convergence across plants and animals while also potentially aiding prognosis and treatment of vascular pathologies and other diseased states. 
  We present a unified framework for estimation and analysis of generalized additive models in high dimensions. The framework defines a large class of penalized regression estimators, encompassing many existing methods. An efficient computational algorithm for this class is presented that easily scales to thousands of observations and features. We prove minimax optimal convergence bounds for this class under a weak compatibility condition. In addition, we characterize the rate of convergence when this compatibility condition is not met. Finally, we also show that the optimal penalty parameters for structure and sparsity penalties in our framework are linked, allowing cross-validation to be conducted over only a single tuning parameter. We complement our theoretical results with empirical studies comparing some existing methods within this framework. 
  We present a novel approach for nonparametric regression using wavelet basis functions. Our proposal, $\texttt{waveMesh}$, can be applied to non-equispaced data with sample size not necessarily a power of 2. We develop an efficient proximal gradient descent algorithm for computing the estimator and establish adaptive minimax convergence rates. The main appeal of our approach is that it naturally extends to additive and sparse additive models for a potentially large number of covariates. We prove minimax optimal convergence rates under a weak compatibility condition for sparse additive models. The compatibility condition holds when we have a small number of covariates. Additionally, we establish convergence rates for when the condition is not met. We complement our theoretical results with empirical studies comparing $\texttt{waveMesh}$ to existing methods. 
  We address the problem of minimizing a convex smooth function $f(x)$ over a compact polyhedral set $D$ given a stochastic zeroth-order constraint feedback model. This problem arises in safety-critical machine learning applications, such as personalized medicine and robotics. In such cases, one needs to ensure constraints are satisfied while exploring the decision space to find optimum of the loss function. We propose a new variant of the Frank-Wolfe algorithm, which applies to the case of uncertain linear constraints. Using robust optimization, we provide the convergence rate of the algorithm while guaranteeing feasibility of all iterates, with high probability. 
  Graph edges, along with their labels, can represent information of fundamental importance, such as links between web pages, friendship between users, the rating given by users to other users or items, and much more. We introduce LEAP, a trainable, general framework for predicting the presence and properties of edges on the basis of the local structure, topology, and labels of the graph. The LEAP framework is based on the exploration and machine-learning aggregation of the paths connecting nodes in a graph. We provide several methods for performing the aggregation phase by training path aggregators, and we demonstrate the flexibility and generality of the framework by applying it to the prediction of links and user ratings in social networks. 
  Even though computational intelligence techniques have been extensively utilized in financial trading systems, almost all developed models use the time series data for price prediction or identifying buy-sell points. However, in this study we decided to use 2-D stock bar chart images directly without introducing any additional time series associated with the underlying stock. We propose a novel algorithmic trading model CNN-BI (Convolutional Neural Network with Bar Images) using a 2-D Convolutional Neural Network. We generated 2-D images of sliding windows of 30-day bar charts for Dow 30 stocks and trained a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model for our algorithmic trading model. We tested our model separately between 2007-2012 and 2012-2017 for representing different market conditions. The results indicate that the model was able to outperform Buy and Hold strategy, especially in trendless or bear markets. Since this is a preliminary study and probably one of the first attempts using such an unconventional approach, there is always potential for improvement. Overall, the results are promising and the model might be integrated as part of an ensemble trading model combined with different strategies. 
  We review the recent advances reported in the field of integrated photonic waveguide meshes, both from the theoretical as well as from the experimental point of view. We show how these devices can be programmed to implement both traditional signal processing structures, such as finite and infinite impulse response filters, delay lines, beamforming networks as well as more advanced linear matrix optics functionalities. Experimental results reported both in Silicon and Silicon Nitride material platforms will be presented. We will also discuss the main programming algorithms to implement these structures and discuss their applications either as standalone systems or as part of more elaborated subsystems in microwave photonics, quantum information and machine learning 
  Deep learning has consistently defied state-of-the-art techniques in many fields over the last decade. However, we are just beginning to understand the capabilities of neural learning in symbolic domains. Deep learning architectures that employ parameter sharing over graphs can produce models which can be trained on complex properties of relational data. These include highly relevant NP-Complete problems, such as SAT and TSP. In this work, we showcase how Graph Neural Networks (GNN) can be engineered -- with a very simple architecture -- to solve the fundamental combinatorial problem of graph colouring. Our results show that the model, which achieves high accuracy upon training on random instances, is able to generalise to graph distributions different from those seen at training time. Further, it performs better than the Tabucol and greedy baselines for some distributions. In addition, we show how vertex embeddings can be clustered in multidimensional spaces to yield constructive solutions even though our model is only trained as a binary classifier. In summary, our results contribute to shorten the gap in our understanding of the algorithms learned by GNNs, as well as hoarding empirical evidence for their capability on hard combinatorial problems. Our results thus contribute to the standing challenge of integrating robust learning and symbolic reasoning in Deep Learning systems. 
  We introduce an electro-optic hardware platform for nonlinear activation functions in optical neural networks. The optical-to-optical nonlinearity operates by converting a small portion of the input optical signal into an analog electric signal, which is used to intensity-modulate the original optical signal with no reduction in operating speed. This scheme allows for complete nonlinear on-off contrast in transmission at relatively low optical power thresholds and eliminates the requirement of having additional optical sources between each layer of the network. Moreover, the activation function is reconfigurable via electrical bias, allowing it to be programmed or trained to synthesize a variety of nonlinear responses. Using numerical simulations, we demonstrate that this activation function significantly improves the expressiveness of optical neural networks, allowing them to perform well on two benchmark machine learning tasks: learning a multi-input exclusive-OR (XOR) logic function and classification of images of handwritten numbers from the MNIST dataset. The addition of the nonlinear activation function improves test accuracy on the MNIST task from 85% to 94%. 
  Drug-drug interactions are preventable causes of medical injuries and often result in doctor and emergency room visits. Computational techniques can be used to predict potential drug-drug interactions. We approach the drug-drug interaction prediction problem as a link prediction problem and present two novel methods for drug-drug interaction prediction based on artificial neural networks and factor propagation over graph nodes: adjacency matrix factorization (AMF) and adjacency matrix factorization with propagation (AMFP). We conduct a retrospective analysis by training our models on a previous release of the DrugBank database with 1,141 drugs and 45,296 drug-drug interactions and evaluate the results on a later version of DrugBank with 1,440 drugs and 248,146 drug-drug interactions. Additionally, we perform a holdout analysis using DrugBank. We report an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve score of 0.807 and 0.990 for the retrospective and holdout analyses respectively. Finally, we create an ensemble-based classifier using AMF, AMFP, and existing link prediction methods and obtain an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.814 and 0.991 for the retrospective and the holdout analyses. We demonstrate that AMF and AMFP provide state of the art results compared to existing methods and that the ensemble-based classifier improves the performance by combining various predictors. These results suggest that AMF, AMFP, and the proposed ensemble-based classifier can provide important information during drug development and regarding drug prescription given only partial or noisy data. These methods can also be used to solve other link prediction problems. Drug embeddings (compressed representations) created when training our models using the interaction network have been made public. 
  Despite huge success, deep networks are unable to learn effectively in sequential multitask learning settings as they forget the past learned tasks after learning new tasks. Inspired from complementary learning systems theory, we address this challenge by learning a generative model that couples the current task to the past learned tasks through a discriminative embedding space. We learn an abstract level generative distribution in the embedding that allows the generation of data points to represent the experience. We sample from this distribution and utilize experience replay to avoid forgetting and simultaneously accumulate new knowledge to the abstract distribution in order to couple the current task with past experience. We demonstrate theoretically and empirically that our framework learns a distribution in the embedding that is shared across all task and as a result tackles catastrophic forgetting. 
  Unintended bias in Machine Learning can manifest as systemic differences in performance for different demographic groups, potentially compounding existing challenges to fairness in society at large. In this paper, we introduce a suite of threshold-agnostic metrics that provide a nuanced view of this unintended bias, by considering the various ways that a classifier's score distribution can vary across designated groups. We also introduce a large new test set of online comments with crowd-sourced annotations for identity references. We use this to show how our metrics can be used to find new and potentially subtle unintended bias in existing public models. 
  While MCMC methods have become a main work-horse for Bayesian inference, scaling them to large distributed datasets is still a challenge. Embarrassingly parallel MCMC strategies take a divide-and-conquer stance to achieve this by writing the target posterior as a product of subposteriors, running MCMC for each of them in parallel and subsequently combining the results. The challenge then lies in devising efficient aggregation strategies. Current strategies trade-off between approximation quality, and costs of communication and computation. In this work, we introduce a novel method that addresses these issues simultaneously. Our key insight is to introduce a deep invertible transformation to approximate each of the subposteriors. These approximations can be made accurate even for complex distributions and serve as intermediate representations, keeping the total communication cost limited. Moreover, they enable us to sample from the product of the subposteriors using an efficient and stable importance sampling scheme. We demonstrate the approach outperforms available state-of-the-art methods in a range of challenging scenarios, including high-dimensional and heterogeneous subposteriors. 
  Generating large labeled training data is becoming the biggest bottleneck in building and deploying supervised machine learning models. Recently, data programming has been proposed in the data management community to reduce the human cost in training data generation. Data programming expects users to write a set of labeling functions, each of which is a weak supervision source that labels a subset of data points with better-than-random accuracy. However, the success of data programming heavily depends on the quality (in terms of both accuracy and coverage) of the labeling functions that users still need to design manually. 
  The last years of the 20 th century and the beginning of the 21 th mark the facilitation trend of our real life due to the big development and progress of the computers and other intelligent devices. Algorithms based on artificial intelligence are basically a part of the software. The transmitted information by Internet or LAN arises continuously and it is expected that the protection of the data has been ensured. The aim of the present paper is to reveal false names of users' accounts as a result of hackers' attacks. The probability a given account to be either false or actual is calculated using a novel approach combining machine learning analysis (especially clusters' analysis) with chaos theory. The suspected account will be used as a pattern and by classification techniques clusters will be formed with a respective probability this name to be false. This investigation puts two main purposes: First, to determine if there exists a trend of appearance of the similar usernames, which arises during the creation of new accounts. Second, to detect the false usernames and to discriminate those from the real ones, independently of that if two types of accounts are generated with the same speed. These security systems are applied in different areas, where the security of the data in users' accounts is strictly required. For example, they can be used in on-line voting for balloting, in studying the social opinion by inquiries, in protection of the information in different user accounts of given system etc. 
  In this paper we present a curated dataset from the NASA Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) mission in a format suitable for machine learning research. Beginning from level 1 scientific products we have processed various instrumental corrections, downsampled to manageable spatial and temporal resolutions, and synchronized observations spatially and temporally. We illustrate the use of this dataset with two example applications: forecasting future EVE irradiance from present EVE irradiance and translating HMI observations into AIA observations. For each application we provide metrics and baselines for future model comparison. We anticipate this curated dataset will facilitate machine learning research in heliophysics and the physical sciences generally, increasing the scientific return of the SDO mission. This work is a direct result of the 2018 NASA Frontier Development Laboratory Program. Please see the appendix for access to the dataset. 
  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a promising data-driven approach for adaptive traffic signal control (ATSC) in complex urban traffic networks, and deep neural networks further enhance its learning power. However, centralized RL is infeasible for large-scale ATSC due to the extremely high dimension of the joint action space. Multi-agent RL (MARL) overcomes the scalability issue by distributing the global control to each local RL agent, but it introduces new challenges: now the environment becomes partially observable from the viewpoint of each local agent due to limited communication among agents. Most existing studies in MARL focus on designing efficient communication and coordination among traditional Q-learning agents. This paper presents, for the first time, a fully scalable and decentralized MARL algorithm for the state-of-the-art deep RL agent: advantage actor critic (A2C), within the context of ATSC. In particular, two methods are proposed to stabilize the learning procedure, by improving the observability and reducing the learning difficulty of each local agent. The proposed multi-agent A2C is compared against independent A2C and independent Q-learning algorithms, in both a large synthetic traffic grid and a large real-world traffic network of Monaco city, under simulated peak-hour traffic dynamics. Results demonstrate its optimality, robustness, and sample efficiency over other state-of-the-art decentralized MARL algorithms. 
  Planet formation simulations are capable of directly integrating the evolution of hundreds to thousands of planetary embryos and planetesimals, as they accrete pairwise to become planets. In principle such investigations allow us to better understand the final configuration and geochemistry of the terrestrial planets, as well as to place our solar system in the context of other exosolar systems. These simulations, however, classically prescribe collisions to result in perfect mergers, but computational advances have begun to allow for more complex outcomes to be implemented. Here we apply machine learning to a large but sparse database of giant impact studies, streamlining simulations into a classifier of collision outcomes and a regressor of accretion efficiency. The classifier maps a 4-Dimensional parameter space (target mass, projectile-to-target mass ratio, impact velocity, impact angle) into the four major collision types: merger, "graze-and-merge", "hit-and-run", and disruption. The definition of the four regimes and their boundary is fully data-driven; the results do not suffer from any model assumption in the fitting. The classifier maps the structure of the parameter space and provides insights about the outcome regimes. The regressor is a neural network which is trained to closely mimic the functional relationship between the 4-D space of collision parameters, and a real-variable outcome, the mass of the largest remnant. This work is a prototype of a more complete surrogate model, based on extended sets of simulations ("big data"), that will quickly and reliably predict specific collision outcomes for use in realistic N-body dynamical studies of planetary formation. 
  Variational quantum algorithms dominate contemporary gate-based quantum enhanced optimization [1], eigenvalue estimation [2] and machine learning [3]. Here we establish the quantum computational universality of variational quantum computation by developing two constructions which prepare states with high 2-norm overlap with the outputs of quantum circuits. The fleeting resource is the number of expected values which must be iteratively minimized using a classical-to-quantum feedback loop. The first approach is efficient in the number of expected values for $n$-qubit circuits containing $\mathcal{O}(\text{poly} \ln n)$ non-Clifford gates---the number of expected values has no dependence on Clifford gates appearing in the simulated circuit. The second approach adapts the Kitaev-Feynman clock construction yielding $\sim4\cdot n + 9\cdot (T + 1)$ expected values while introducing not more than $T$ slack qubits, for a quantum circuit partitioned into $T$ Hermitian blocks (gates). The variational model is hence universal and necessitates (i) state-preparation by a control sequence followed by (ii) measurements in one basis and (iii) gradient-free or gradient-based minimization of a polynomially bounded number of expected values. 
  The traditional social recommendation algorithm ignores the following fact: the preferences of users with trust relationships are not necessarily similar, and the consideration of user preference similarity should be limited to specific areas. A social trust and preference segmentation-based matrix factorization (SPMF) recommendation system is proposed to solve the above-mentioned problems. Experimental results based on the Ciao and Epinions datasets show that the accuracy of the SPMF algorithm is significantly higher than that of some state-of-the-art recommendation algorithms. The proposed SPMF algorithm is a more accurate and effective recommendation algorithm based on distinguishing the difference of trust relations and preference domain, which can support commercial activities such as product marketing. 
  Large-scale distributed training of neural networks is often limited by network bandwidth, wherein the communication time overwhelms the local computation time. Motivated by the success of sketching methods in sub-linear/streaming algorithms, we propose a sketching-based approach to minimize the communication costs between nodes without losing accuracy. In our proposed method, workers in a distributed, synchronous training setting send sketches of their gradient vectors to the parameter server instead of the full gradient vector. Leveraging the theoretical properties of sketches, we show that this method recovers the favorable convergence guarantees of single-machine top-$k$ SGD. Furthermore, when applied to a model with $d$ dimensions on $W$ workers, our method requires only $\Theta(kW)$ bytes of communication, compared to $\Omega(dW)$ for vanilla distributed SGD. To validate our method, we run experiments using a residual network trained on the CIFAR-10 dataset. We achieve no drop in validation accuracy with a compression ratio of 4, or about 1 percentage point drop with a compression ratio of 8. We also demonstrate that our method scales to many workers. 
  This paper presents a spatiotemporal unsupervised feature learning method for cause identification of electromagnetic transient events (EMTE) in power grids. The proposed method is formulated based on the availability of time-synchronized high-frequency measurement, and using the convolutional neural network (CNN) as the spatiotemporal feature representation along with softmax function. Despite the existing threshold-based, or energy-based events analysis methods, such as support vector machine (SVM), autoencoder, and tapered multi-layer perception (t-MLP) neural network, the proposed feature learning is carried out with respect to both time and space. The effectiveness of the proposed feature learning and the subsequent cause identification is validated through the EMTP simulation of different events such as line energization, capacitor bank energization, lightning, fault, and high-impedance fault in the IEEE 30-bus, and the real-time digital simulation (RTDS) of the WSCC 9-bus system. 
  This paper studies clustering for possibly high dimensional data (\emph{e.g.} images, time series, gene expression data, and many other settings), and rephrase it as low rank matrix estimation in the PAC-Bayesian framework. Our approach leverages the well known Burer-Monteiro factorisation strategy from large scale optimisation, in the context of low rank estimation. Moreover, our Burer-Monteiro factors are shown to lie on a Stiefel manifold. We propose a new generalized Bayesian estimator for this problem and prove novel prediction bounds for clustering. We also devise a componentwise Langevin sampler on the Stiefel manifold to compute this estimator. 
  We introduce a dynamic generative model, Bayesian allocation model (BAM), which establishes explicit connections between nonnegative tensor factorization (NTF), graphical models of discrete probability distributions and their Bayesian extensions, and the topic models such as the latent Dirichlet allocation. BAM is based on a Poisson process, whose events are marked by using a Bayesian network, where the conditional probability tables of this network are then integrated out analytically. We show that the resulting marginal process turns out to be a Polya urn, an integer valued self-reinforcing process. This urn processes, which we name a Polya-Bayes process, obey certain conditional independence properties that provide further insight about the nature of NTF. These insights also let us develop space efficient simulation algorithms that respect the potential sparsity of data: we propose a class of sequential importance sampling algorithms for computing NTF and approximating their marginal likelihood, which would be useful for model selection. The resulting methods can also be viewed as a model scoring method for topic models and discrete Bayesian networks with hidden variables. The new algorithms have favourable properties in the sparse data regime when contrasted with variational algorithms that become more accurate when the total sum of the elements of the observed tensor goes to infinity. We illustrate the performance on several examples and numerically study the behaviour of the algorithms for various data regimes. 
  We introduce Continual Learning via Neural Pruning (CLNP), a new method aimed at lifelong learning in fixed capacity models based on neuronal model sparsification. In this method, subsequent tasks are trained using the inactive neurons and filters of the sparsified network and cause zero deterioration to the performance of previous tasks. In order to deal with the possible compromise between model sparsity and performance, we formalize and incorporate the concept of graceful forgetting: the idea that it is preferable to suffer a small amount of forgetting in a controlled manner if it helps regain network capacity and prevents uncontrolled loss of performance during the training of future tasks. CLNP also provides simple continual learning diagnostic tools in terms of the number of free neurons left for the training of future tasks as well as the number of neurons that are being reused. In particular, we see in experiments that CLNP verifies and automatically takes advantage of the fact that the features of earlier layers are more transferable. We show empirically that CLNP leads to significantly improved results over current weight elasticity based methods. 
  A dynamic and flexible generalized spatial modulation (GSM) framework is proposed for massive MIMO systems. Our framework is leveraged on the utilization of machine learning methods for GSM in order to improve the error performance in presence of correlated channels and channel estimation errors. Both decision tree and multi-layer perceptrons approaches are adopted for the GSM transmitter. Simulation results indicate that in presence of real-life impairments machine learning based approaches provide a superior performance when compared to the classical Euclidean distance based approach. The observations are validated through measurement results over the designed $16\times 4$ MIMO test-bed using software defined radio nodes. 
  Following the recent work on capacity allocation, we formulate the conjecture that the shattering problem in deep neural networks can only be avoided if the capacity propagation through layers has a non-degenerate continuous limit when the number of layers tends to infinity. This allows us to study a number of commonly used architectures and determine which scaling relations should be enforced in practice as the number of layers grows large. In particular, we recover the conditions of Xavier initialization in the multi-channel case, and we find that weights and biases should be scaled down as the inverse square root of the number of layers for deep residual networks and as the inverse square root of the desired memory length for recurrent networks. 
  We propose that intelligently combining models from the domains of Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning with Physical and Expert models will yield a more "trustworthy" model than any one model from a single domain, given a complex and narrow enough problem. Based on mean-variance portfolio theory and bias-variance trade-off analysis, we prove combining models from various domains produces a model that has lower risk, increasing user trust. We call such combined models - physics enhanced artificial intelligence (PEAI), and suggest use cases for PEAI. 
  We analyze multi-layer neural networks in the asymptotic regime of simultaneously (A) large network sizes and (B) large numbers of stochastic gradient descent training iterations. We rigorously establish the limiting behavior of the multilayer neural network output. The limit procedure is valid for any number of hidden layers and it naturally also describes the limiting behavior of the training loss. The ideas that we explore are to (a) sequentially take the limits of each hidden layer and (b) characterizing the evolution of parameters in terms of their initialization. The limit satisfies a system of integro-differential equations. 
  We introduce the {\it diffusion $K$-means} clustering method on Riemannian submanifolds, which maximizes the within-cluster connectedness based on the diffusion distance. The diffusion $K$-means constructs a random walk on the similarity graph with vertices as data points randomly sampled on the manifolds and edges as similarities given by a kernel that captures the local geometry of manifolds. Thus the diffusion $K$-means is a multi-scale clustering tool that is suitable for data with non-linear and non-Euclidean geometric features in mixed dimensions. Given the number of clusters, we propose a polynomial-time convex relaxation algorithm via the semidefinite programming (SDP) to solve the diffusion $K$-means. In addition, we also propose a nuclear norm (i.e., trace norm) regularized SDP that is adaptive to the number of clusters. In both cases, we show that exact recovery of the SDPs for diffusion $K$-means can be achieved under suitable between-cluster separability and within-cluster connectedness of the submanifolds, which together quantify the hardness of the manifold clustering problem. We further propose the {\it localized diffusion $K$-means} by using the local adaptive bandwidth estimated from the nearest neighbors. We show that exact recovery of the localized diffusion $K$-means is fully adaptive to the local probability density and geometric structures of the underlying submanifolds. 
  Robots need to understand their environment to perform their task. If it is possible to pre-program a visual scene analysis process in closed environments, robots operating in an open environment would benefit from the ability to learn it through their interaction with their environment. This ability furthermore opens the way to the acquisition of affordances maps in which the action capabilities of the robot structure its visual scene understanding. We propose an approach to build such affordances maps by relying on an interactive perception approach and an online classification. In the proposed formalization of affordances, actions and effects are related to visual features, not objects, and they can be combined. We have tested the approach on three action primitives and on a real PR2 robot. 
  Excellent painters can use only a few strokes to create a fantastic painting, which is a symbol of human intelligence and art. Reversing the simulator to interpret images is also a challenging task of computer vision in recent years. In this paper, we present SARA, a stroke-based artistic rendering agent that combines the neural renderer and deep reinforcement learning (DRL), allowing the machine to learn the ability to deconstruct images using strokes and create amazing visual effects. Our agent is an end-to-end program that converts natural images into paintings. The training process does not require the experience of human painting or stroke tracking data. 
  Convolution Neural Networks (CNN) have been extremely successful in solving intensive computer vision tasks. The convolutional filters used in CNNs have played a major role in this success, by extracting useful features from the inputs. Recently researchers have tried to boost the performance of CNNs by re-calibrating the feature maps produced by these filters, e.g., Squeeze-and-Excitation Networks (SENets). These approaches have achieved better performance by \textit{Exciting} up the important channels or feature maps while diminishing the rest. However, in the process, architectural complexity has increased. We propose an architectural block that introduces much lower complexity than the existing methods of CNN performance boosting while performing significantly better than them. We carry out experiments on the CIFAR, ImageNet and MS-COCO datasets, and show that the proposed block can challenge the state-of-the-art results. Our method boosts the ResNet-50 architecture to perform comparably to the ResNet-152 architecture, which is a three times deeper network, on classification. We also show experimentally that our method is not limited to classification but also generalizes well to other tasks such as object detection. 
  In the space of only a few years, deep generative modeling has revolutionized how we think of artificial creativity, yielding autonomous systems which produce original images, music, and text. Inspired by these successes, researchers are now applying deep generative modeling techniques to the generation and optimization of molecules - in our review we found 45 papers on the subject published in the past two years. These works point to a future where such systems will be used to generate lead molecules, greatly reducing resources spent downstream synthesizing and characterizing bad leads in the lab. In this review we survey the increasingly complex landscape of models and representation schemes that have been proposed. The four classes of techniques we describe are recursive neural networks, autoencoders, generative adversarial networks, and reinforcement learning. After first discussing some of the mathematical fundamentals of each technique, we draw high level connections and comparisons with other techniques and expose the pros and cons of each. Several important high level themes emerge as a result of this work, including the shift away from the SMILES string representation of molecules towards more sophisticated representations such as graph grammars and 3D representations, the importance of reward function design, the need for better standards for benchmarking and testing, and the benefits of adversarial training and reinforcement learning over maximum likelihood based training. 
  In this work, a dense recurrent convolutional neural network (DRCNN) was constructed to detect sleep disorders including arousal, apnea and hypopnea using available Polysomnography (PSG) measurement channels provided in the 2018 PhysioNet challenge database. Our model structure is composed of multiple dense convolutional units (DCU) followed by a bidirectional long-short term memory (LSTM) layer followed by a softmax output layer. The sleep events including sleep stages, arousal regions and multiple types of apnea and hypopnea are manually annotated by experts which enables us to train our proposed network using a multi-task learning mechanism. Three binary cross-entropy loss functions corresponding to sleep/wake, arousal presence/absence and apnea-hypopnea/normal detection tasks are summed up to generate our overall network loss function that is optimized using the Adam method. Our model performance was evaluated using two metrics: the area under the precision-recall curve (AUPRC) and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC). To measure our model generalization, 4-fold cross-validation was also performed. For training, our model was applied to full night recording data. Finally, the average AUPRC and AUROC values associated with the arousal detection task were 0.505 and 0.922, respectively on our testing dataset. An ensemble of four models trained on different data folds improved the AUPRC and AUROC to 0.543 and 0.931, respectively. Our proposed algorithm achieved the first place in the official stage of the 2018 PhysioNet challenge for detecting sleep arousals with AUPRC of $0.54$ on the blind testing dataset. 
  We show that the intelligence of the machine-learning potential arises from its ability to infer the reference atomic-energy function from a given set of total energies. By utilizing invariant points in the feature space at which the atomic energy has a fixed reference value, we examine the atomic energy mapping of neural network potentials. Through a series of examples on Si, we demonstrate that the neural network potential is vulnerable to 'ad hoc' mapping in which the total energy appears to be trained accurately while the atomic energy mapping is incorrect in spite of its capability. We show that the energy mapping can be improved by choosing the training set carefully and monitoring the atomic energy at the invariant points during the training procedure. 
  TensorFlow is a popular emerging open-source programming framework supporting the execution of distributed applications on heterogeneous hardware. While TensorFlow has been initially designed for developing Machine Learning (ML) applications, in fact TensorFlow aims at supporting the development of a much broader range of application kinds that are outside the ML domain and can possibly include HPC applications. However, very few experiments have been conducted to evaluate TensorFlow performance when running HPC workloads on supercomputers. This work addresses this lack by designing four traditional HPC benchmark applications: STREAM, matrix-matrix multiply, Conjugate Gradient (CG) solver and Fast Fourier Transform (FFT). We analyze their performance on two supercomputers with accelerators and evaluate the potential of TensorFlow for developing HPC applications. Our tests show that TensorFlow can fully take advantage of high performance networks and accelerators on supercomputers. Running our TensorFlow STREAM benchmark, we obtain over 50% of theoretical communication bandwidth on our testing platform. We find an approximately 2x, 1.7x and 1.8x performance improvement when increasing the number of GPUs from two to four in the matrix-matrix multiply, CG and FFT applications respectively. All our performance results demonstrate that TensorFlow has high potential of emerging also as HPC programming framework for heterogeneous supercomputers. 
  Many of the computing systems developed using machine learning are opaque: it is difficult to explain why they do what they do, or how they work. The Explainable AI research program aims to develop analytic techniques for rendering such systems transparent, but lacks a general understanding of what it actually takes to do so. The aim of this discussion is to provide a general-purpose recipe for Explainable AI: A series of steps that should be taken to render an opaque computing system transparent. After analyzing the dual notions of 'opacity' and 'transparency', this recipe invokes David Marr's influential levels of analysis framework to characterize the different questions that should be asked about an opaque computing system, as well as the different ways in which these questions should be answered by different agents. By applying this recipe to recent techniques such as input heatmapping, feature-detector identification, and diagnostic classification, it will be possible to determine the extent to which Explainable AI can already solve the so-called Black Box Problem, as well as the extent to which more sophisticated techniques will be needed. 
  Ontology learning is a critical task in industry, dealing with identifying and extracting concepts captured in text data such that these concepts can be used in different tasks, e.g. information retrieval. Ontology learning is non-trivial due to several reasons with limited amount of prior research work that automatically learns a domain specific ontology from data. In our work, we propose a two-stage classification system to automatically learn an ontology from unstructured text data. We first collect candidate concepts, which are classified into concepts and irrelevant collocates by our first classifier. The concepts from the first classifier are further classified by the second classifier into different concept types. The proposed system is deployed as a prototype at a company and its performance is validated by using complaint and repair verbatim data collected in automotive industry from different data sources. 
  Preventing early progression of epilepsy and so the severity of seizures requires effective diagnosis. Epileptic transients indicate the ability to develop seizures but humans easily overlook such brief events in an electroencephalogram (EEG) what compromises patient treatment. Traditionally, training of the EEG event detection algorithms has relied on ground truth labels, obtained from the consensus of the majority of labelers. In this work, we go beyond labeler consensus on EEG data. Our event descriptor integrates EEG signal features with one-hot encoded labeler category that is a key to improved generalization performance. Notably, boosted decision trees take advantage of singly-labeled but more varied training sets. Our quantitative experiments show the proposed labeler-hot epileptic event detector consistently outperforms a consensus-trained detector and maintains confidence bounds of the detection. The results on our infant EEG recordings suggest datasets can gain higher event variety faster and thus better performance by shifting available human effort from consensus-oriented to separate labeling when labels include both, the event and the labeler category. 
  Deep Q-Learning has been successfully applied to a wide variety of tasks in the past several years. However, the architecture of the vanilla Deep Q-Network is not suited to deal with partially observable environments such as 3D video games. For this, recurrent layers had been added to the Deep Q-Network in order to allow it to handle past dependencies. We here use Minecraft for its customization advantages and design two very simple missions that can be frames as Partially Observable Markov Decision Process. We compare on these missions the Deep Q-Network and the Deep Recurrent Q-Network in order to see if the latter, which is trickier and longer to train, is always the best architecture when the agent has to deal with partial observability. 
  We introduce a multi-agent meta-modeling game to generate data, knowledge, and models that make predictions on constitutive responses of elasto-plastic materials. We introduce a new concept from graph theory where a modeler agent is tasked with evaluating all the modeling options recast as a directed multigraph and find the optimal path that links the source of the directed graph (e.g. strain history) to the target (e.g. stress) measured by an objective function. Meanwhile, the data agent, which is tasked with generating data from real or virtual experiments (e.g. molecular dynamics, discrete element simulations), interacts with the modeling agent sequentially and uses reinforcement learning to design new experiments to optimize the prediction capacity. Consequently, this treatment enables us to emulate an idealized scientific collaboration as selections of the optimal choices in a decision tree search done automatically via deep reinforcement learning. 
  In this paper, we investigate deep learning (DL)-enabled signal demodulation methods and establish the first open dataset of real modulated signals for wireless communication systems. Specifically, we propose a flexible communication prototype platform for measuring real modulation dataset. Then, based on the measured dataset, two DL-based demodulators, called deep belief network (DBN)-support vector machine (SVM) demodulator and adaptive boosting (AdaBoost) based demodulator, are proposed. The proposed DBN-SVM based demodulator exploits the advantages of both DBN and SVM, i.e., the advantage of DBN as a feature extractor and SVM as a feature classifier. In DBN-SVM based demodulator, the received signals are normalized before being fed to the DBN network. Furthermore, an AdaBoost based demodulator is developed, which employs the $k$-Nearest Neighbor (KNN) as a weak classifier to form a strong combined classifier. Finally, experimental results indicate that the proposed DBN-SVM based demodulator and AdaBoost based demodulator are superior to the single classification method using DBN, SVM, and maximum likelihood (MLD) based demodulator. 
  This paper considers distributed online optimization with time-varying coupled inequality constraints. The global objective function is composed of local convex cost and regularization functions and the coupled constraint function is the sum of local convex constraint functions. A distributed online primal-dual dynamic mirror descent algorithm is proposed to solve this problem, where the local cost, regularization, and constraint functions are held privately and revealed only after each time slot. We first derive regret and cumulative constraint violation bounds for the algorithm and show how they depend on the stepsize sequences, the accumulated dynamic variation of the comparator sequence, the number of agents, and the network connectivity. As a result, under some natural decreasing stepsize sequences, we prove that the algorithm achieves sublinear dynamic regret and cumulative constraint violation if the accumulated dynamic variation of the optimal sequence also grows sublinearly. We also prove that the algorithm achieves sublinear static regret and cumulative constraint violation under mild conditions. In addition, smaller bounds on the static regret are achieved when the objective functions are strongly convex. Finally, numerical simulations are provided to illustrate the effectiveness of the theoretical results. 
  The constant growth of the e-commerce industry has rendered the problem of product retrieval particularly important. As more enterprises move their activities on the Web, the volume and the diversity of the product-related information increase quickly. These factors make it difficult for the users to identify and compare the features of their desired products. Recent studies proved that the standard similarity metrics cannot effectively identify identical products, since similar titles often refer to different products and vice-versa. Other studies employed external data sources (search engines) to enrich the titles; these solutions are rather impractical mainly because the external data fetching is slow. In this paper we introduce UPM, an unsupervised algorithm for matching products by their titles. UPM is independent of any external sources, since it analyzes the titles and extracts combinations of words out of them. These combinations are evaluated according to several criteria, and the most appropriate of them constitutes the cluster where a product is classified into. UPM is also parameter-free, it avoids product pairwise comparisons, and includes a post-processing verification stage which corrects the erroneous matches. The experimental evaluation of UPM demonstrated its superiority against the state-of-the-art approaches in terms of both efficiency and effectiveness. 
  We present a new algorithm ASEBO for conducting optimization of high-dimensional blackbox functions. ASEBO adapts to the geometry of the function and learns optimal sets of sensing directions, which are used to probe it, on-the-fly. It addresses the exploration-exploitation trade-off of blackbox optimization, where each single function query is expensive, by continuously learning the bias of the lower-dimensional model used to approximate gradients of smoothings of the function with compressed sensing and contextual bandits methods. To obtain this model, it uses techniques from the emerging theory of active subspaces in the novel ES blackbox optimization context. As a result, ASEBO learns the dynamically changing intrinsic dimensionality of the gradient space and adapts to the hardness of different stages of the optimization without external supervision. Consequently, it leads to more sample-efficient blackbox optimization than state-of-the-art algorithms. We provide rigorous theoretical justification of the effectiveness of our method. We also empirically evaluate it on the set of reinforcement learning policy optimization tasks as well as functions from the recently open-sourced Nevergrad library, demonstrating that it consistently learns optimal inputs with fewer queries to a blackbox function than other methods. 
  E-Commerce (E-Com) search is an emerging important new application of information retrieval. Learning to Rank (LETOR) is a general effective strategy for optimizing search engines, and is thus also a key technology for E-Com search. While the use of LETOR for web search has been well studied, its use for E-Com search has not yet been well explored. In this paper, we discuss the practical challenges in applying learning to rank methods to E-Com search, including the challenges in feature representation, obtaining reliable relevance judgments, and optimally exploiting multiple user feedback signals such as click rates, add-to-cart ratios, order rates, and revenue. We study these new challenges using experiments on industry data sets and report several interesting findings that can provide guidance on how to optimally apply LETOR to E-Com search: First, popularity-based features defined solely on product items are very useful and LETOR methods were able to effectively optimize their combination with relevance-based features. Second, query attribute sparsity raises challenges for LETOR, and selecting features to reduce/avoid sparsity is beneficial. Third, while crowdsourcing is often useful for obtaining relevance judgments for Web search, it does not work as well for E-Com search due to difficulty in eliciting sufficiently fine grained relevance judgments. Finally, among the multiple feedback signals, the order rate is found to be the most robust training objective, followed by click rate, while add-to-cart ratio seems least robust, suggesting that an effective practical strategy may be to initially use click rates for training and gradually shift to using order rates as they become available. 
  Product categorization using text data for eCommerce is a very challenging extreme classification problem with several thousands of classes and several millions of products to classify. Even though multi-class text classification is a well studied problem both in academia and industry, most approaches either deal with treating product content as a single pile of text, or only consider a few product attributes for modelling purposes. Given the variety of products sold on popular eCommerce platforms, it is hard to consider all available product attributes as part of the modeling exercise, considering that products possess their own unique set of attributes based on category. In this paper, we compare hierarchical models to flat models and show that in specific cases, flat models perform better. We explore two Deep Learning based models that extract features from individual pieces of unstructured data from each product and then combine them to create a product signature. We also propose a novel idea of using structured attributes and their values together in an unstructured fashion along with convolutional filters such that the ordering of the attributes and the differing attributes by product categories no longer becomes a modelling challenge. This approach is also more robust to the presence of faulty product attribute names and values and can elegantly generalize to use both closed list and open list attributes. 
  We propose a static loop vectorization optimization on top of high level dataflow IR used by frameworks like TensorFlow. A new statically vectorized parallel-for abstraction is provided on top of TensorFlow, and used for applications ranging from auto-batching and per-example gradients, to jacobian computation, optimized map functions and input pipeline optimization. We report huge speedups compared to both loop based implementations, as well as run-time batching adopted by the DyNet framework. 
  Data similarity is a key concept in many data-driven applications. Many algorithms are sensitive to similarity measures. To tackle this fundamental problem, automatically learning of similarity information from data via self-expression has been developed and successfully applied in various models, such as low-rank representation, sparse subspace learning, semi-supervised learning. However, it just tries to reconstruct the original data and some valuable information, e.g., the manifold structure, is largely ignored. In this paper, we argue that it is beneficial to preserve the overall relations when we extract similarity information. Specifically, we propose a novel similarity learning framework by minimizing the reconstruction error of kernel matrices, rather than the reconstruction error of original data adopted by existing work. Taking the clustering task as an example to evaluate our method, we observe considerable improvements compared to other state-of-the-art methods. More importantly, our proposed framework is very general and provides a novel and fundamental building block for many other similarity-based tasks. Besides, our proposed kernel preserving opens up a large number of possibilities to embed high-dimensional data into low-dimensional space. 
  Geometric deep learning provides a principled and versatile manner for the integration of imaging and non-imaging modalities in the medical domain. Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) in particular have been explored on a wide variety of problems such as disease prediction, segmentation, and matrix completion by leveraging large, multimodal datasets. In this paper, we introduce a new spectral domain architecture for deep learning on graphs for disease prediction. The novelty lies in defining geometric 'inception modules' which are capable of capturing intra- and inter-graph structural heterogeneity during convolutions. We design filters with different kernel sizes to build our architecture. We show our disease prediction results on two publicly available datasets. Further, we provide insights on the behaviour of regular GCNs and our proposed model under varying input scenarios on simulated data. 
  Machine learning models often excel in the accuracy of their predictions but are opaque due to their non-linear and non-parametric structure. This makes statistical inference challenging and disqualifies them from many applications where model interpretability is crucial. This paper proposes the Shapley regression framework as an approach for statistical inference on non-linear or non-parametric models. Inference is performed based on the Shapley value decomposition of a model, a pay-off concept from cooperative game theory. I show that universal approximators from machine learning are estimation consistent and introduce hypothesis tests for individual variable contributions, model bias and parametric functional forms. The inference properties of state-of-the-art machine learning models - like artificial neural networks, support vector machines and random forests - are investigated using numerical simulations and real-world data. The proposed framework is unique in the sense that it is identical to the conventional case of statistical inference on a linear model if the model is linear in parameters. This makes it a well-motivated extension to more general models and strengthens the case for the use of machine learning to inform decisions. 
  Machine learning models are becoming commonplace in the domain of medical imaging, and with these methods comes an ever-increasing need for more data. However, to preserve patient anonymity it is frequently impractical or prohibited to transfer protected health information (PHI) between institutions. Additionally, due to the nature of some studies, there may not be a large public dataset available on which to train models. To address this conundrum, we analyze the efficacy of transferring the model itself in lieu of data between different sites. By doing so we accomplish two goals: 1) the model gains access to training on a larger dataset that it could not normally obtain and 2) the model better generalizes, having trained on data from separate locations. In this paper, we implement multi-site learning with disparate datasets from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC) without compromising PHI. Three neural networks are trained to convergence on a computed tomography (CT) brain hematoma segmentation task: one only with NIH data,one only with VUMC data, and one multi-site model alternating between NIH and VUMC data. Resultant lesion masks with the multi-site model attain an average Dice similarity coefficient of 0.64 and the automatically segmented hematoma volumes correlate to those done manually with a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.87,corresponding to an 8% and 5% improvement, respectively, over the single-site model counterparts. 
  Value-based reinforcement-learning algorithms are currently state-of-the-art in model-free discrete-action settings, and tend to outperform actor-critic algorithms. We argue that actor-critic algorithms are currently limited by their need for an on-policy critic, which severely constraints how the critic is learned. We propose Bootstrapped Dual Policy Iteration (BDPI), a novel model-free actor-critic reinforcement-learning algorithm for continuous states and discrete actions, with off-policy critics. Off-policy critics are compatible with experience replay, ensuring high sample-efficiency, without the need for off-policy corrections. The actor, by slowly imitating the average greedy policy of the critics, leads to high-quality and state-specific exploration, which we show approximates Thompson sampling. Because the actor and critics are fully decoupled, BDPI is remarkably stable and, contrary to other state-of-the-art algorithms, unusually forgiving for poorly-configured hyper-parameters. BDPI is significantly more sample-efficient compared to Bootstrapped DQN, PPO, A3C and ACKTR, on a variety of tasks. Source code: 
